```graphql
type CorePayment implements LoggableInterface & AccessloggableInterface {
  """The ID of the entity."""
  id: Int64Bit!

  """
  An ID that uniquely identifies this entity across the whole Sonar system.
  """
  sonar_unique_id: ID!

  """The date and time this entity was created."""
  created_at: Datetime!

  """The last date and time this entity was modified."""
  updated_at: Datetime!

  """
  A string that shows the version of this entity. It will be incremented whenever the entity is modified.
  """
  _version: String!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The amount of the payment, in the smallest currency value."""
  amount: Int!

  """The amount remaining that can be used."""
  amount_remaining: Int!

  """The ID of a BankAccount."""
  bank_account_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit!

  """A token sent to the payment provider during payment creation."""
  creation_token: String

  """The ID of a CreditCard."""
  credit_card_id: Int64Bit

  """The deposit slip ID."""
  deposit_slip_id: Int64Bit

  """A description of the payment, used for internal reference."""
  description: String

  """The fee for this transaction."""
  fee: Int

  """The fee for this transaction in fractional cents"""
  fractional_fee: Int

  """
  The entire response back from the company that processed the transaction. Not typically human readable.
  """
  full_processor_response: String

  """Whether or not this was an autopay payment."""
  is_autopay: Boolean

  """Whether or not this payment passed the 3DS security check."""
  passed_3ds_check: Boolean

  """Whether or not this payment passed the AVS security check."""
  passed_avs_check: Boolean

  """Whether or not this payment passed the CVV security check."""
  passed_cvv_check: Boolean

  """The date and time the payment was made."""
  payment_datetime: Datetime!

  """The unique tracking ID for this payment."""
  payment_tracker_id: String

  """The type of payment (e.g. cash, credit card.)"""
  payment_type: PaymentType!

  """
  The message returned back from the company that processed the transaction.
  """
  processor_message: String

  """The status of the payment provided by the payment processor."""
  processor_status: String

  """
  A payment reference like a check number, or wire transfer confirmation number.
  """
  reference: String

  """The status."""
  status: PaymentStatus

  """Whether or not this was successful."""
  successful: Boolean!

  """The transaction ID from the credit card provider."""
  transaction_id: String

  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """A log entry."""
  logs(
    """The ID of the entity."""
    id: Int64Bit

    """
    An ID that uniquely identifies this entity across the whole Sonar system.
    """
    sonar_unique_id: ID

    """The date and time this entity was created."""
    created_at: Datetime

    """The last date and time this entity was modified."""
    updated_at: Datetime

    """
    A string that shows the version of this entity. It will be incremented whenever the entity is modified.
    """
    _version: String

    """Current data."""
    current: Text

    """
    Whether or not this log was transferred from a Sonar v1 instance. If so, the
    formatting will not match current version logs.
    """
    legacy: Boolean

    """
    A title which is only populated on logs that were imported from Sonar v1.
    """
    legacy_title: String

    """The severity level."""
    level: LogLevel

    """The ID of the entity that this log is attached to."""
    loggable_id: Int64Bit

    """The type of entity that this log is attached to."""
    loggable_type: String

    """The entity ID that triggered the log."""
    logged_entity_id: Int64Bit

    """The entity that triggered the log."""
    logged_entity_type: String

    """The message."""
    message: Text

    """Previous data."""
    previous: Text

    """Data from objects related to this change."""
    relation_data: Text

    """The type."""
    type: LogType

    """The ID of a User."""
    user_id: Int64Bit

    """Provides the ability to paginate through results."""
    paginator: Paginator

    """Provides the ability to sort results."""
    sorter: [Sorter]

    """Complex search parameters."""
    search: [Search]

    """Search across all string fields with partial matching."""
    general_search: String

    """
    Provides the ability to return aggregated mathematical data about your results.
    """
    aggregation: [Aggregator]

    """
    Reverse relation filters allow you to filter the result of a relation, and
    use that filter to affect the returned root elements.
    """
    reverse_relation_filters: [ReverseRelationFilter]
  ): LogConnection!

  """An access log history on an entity."""
  access_logs(
    """The ID of the entity."""
    id: Int64Bit

    """
    An ID that uniquely identifies this entity across the whole Sonar system.
    """
    sonar_unique_id: ID

    """The date and time this entity was created."""
    created_at: Datetime

    """The last date and time this entity was modified."""
    updated_at: Datetime

    """
    A string that shows the version of this entity. It will be incremented whenever the entity is modified.
    """
    _version: String

    """The date and time that this entity was accessed."""
    access_datetime: Datetime

    """The ID of the entity that this access log belongs to."""
    accessloggable_id: Int64Bit

    """The entity that this access log belongs to."""
    accessloggable_type: String

    """The ID of the entity that this access log belongs to."""
    entity_id: Int64Bit

    """The entity that this access log belongs to."""
    entity_name: String

    """The ID of the user that accessed this entity."""
    user_id: Int64Bit

    """Provides the ability to paginate through results."""
    paginator: Paginator

    """Provides the ability to sort results."""
    sorter: [Sorter]

    """Complex search parameters."""
    search: [Search]

    """Search across all string fields with partial matching."""
    general_search: String

    """
    Provides the ability to return aggregated mathematical data about your results.
    """
    aggregation: [Aggregator]

    """
    Reverse relation filters allow you to filter the result of a relation, and
    use that filter to affect the returned root elements.
    """
    reverse_relation_filters: [ReverseRelationFilter]
  ): AccessLogConnection!
}

"""A geographical country, represented as a two character ISO code."""
enum Country {
  """United States"""
  US

  """Canada"""
  CA

  """Afghanistan"""
  AF

  """Albania"""
  AL

  """Algeria"""
  DZ

  """Andorra"""
  AD

  """Angola"""
  AO

  """Anguilla"""
  AI

  """Antarctica"""
  AQ

  """Antigua and/or Barbuda"""
  AG

  """Argentina"""
  AR

  """Armenia"""
  AM

  """Aruba"""
  AW

  """Australia"""
  AU

  """Austria"""
  AT

  """Azerbaijan"""
  AZ

  """Bahamas"""
  BS

  """Bahrain"""
  BH

  """Bangladesh"""
  BD

  """Barbados"""
  BB

  """Belarus"""
  BY

  """Belgium"""
  BE

  """Belize"""
  BZ

  """Benin"""
  BJ

  """Bermuda"""
  BM

  """Bhutan"""
  BT

  """Bolivia"""
  BO

  """Bosnia and Herzegovina"""
  BA

  """Botswana"""
  BW

  """Bouvet Island"""
  BV

  """Brazil"""
  BR

  """British Indian Ocean Territory"""
  IO

  """Brunei Darussalam"""
  BN

  """Bulgaria"""
  BG

  """Burkina Faso"""
  BF

  """Burundi"""
  BI

  """Cambodia"""
  KH

  """Cameroon"""
  CM

  """Cape Verde"""
  CV

  """Cayman Islands"""
  KY

  """Central African Republic"""
  CF

  """Chad"""
  TD

  """Chile"""
  CL

  """China"""
  CN

  """Christmas Island"""
  CX

  """Cocos (Keeling) Islands"""
  CC

  """Colombia"""
  CO

  """Comoros"""
  KM

  """Congo"""
  CG

  """Cook Islands"""
  CK

  """Costa Rica"""
  CR

  """Croatia (Hrvatska)"""
  HR

  """Cuba"""
  CU

  """Cyprus"""
  CY

  """Czech Republic"""
  CZ

  """Denmark"""
  DK

  """Djibouti"""
  DJ

  """Dominica"""
  DM

  """Dominican Republic"""
  DO

  """East Timor"""
  TP

  """Ecuador"""
  EC

  """Egypt"""
  EG

  """El Salvador"""
  SV

  """Equatorial Guinea"""
  GQ

  """Eritrea"""
  ER

  """Estonia"""
  EE

  """Ethiopia"""
  ET

  """Falkland Islands (Malvinas)"""
  FK

  """Faroe Islands"""
  FO

  """Fiji"""
  FJ

  """Finland"""
  FI

  """France"""
  FR

  """France, Metropolitan"""
  FX

  """French Guiana"""
  GF

  """French Polynesia"""
  PF

  """French Southern Territories"""
  TF

  """Gabon"""
  GA

  """Gambia"""
  GM

  """Georgia"""
  GE

  """Germany"""
  DE

  """Ghana"""
  GH

  """Gibraltar"""
  GI

  """Greece"""
  GR

  """Greenland"""
  GL

  """Grenada"""
  GD

  """Guadeloupe"""
  GP

  """Guatemala"""
  GT

  """Guinea"""
  GN

  """Guinea-Bissau"""
  GW

  """Guyana"""
  GY

  """Haiti"""
  HT

  """Heard and Mc Donald Islands"""
  HM

  """Honduras"""
  HN

  """Hong Kong"""
  HK

  """Hungary"""
  HU

  """Iceland"""
  IS

  """India"""
  IN

  """Indonesia"""
  ID

  """Iran (Islamic Republic of)"""
  IR

  """Iraq"""
  IQ

  """Ireland"""
  IE

  """Israel"""
  IL

  """Italy"""
  IT

  """Ivory Coast"""
  CI

  """Jamaica"""
  JM

  """Japan"""
  JP

  """Jordan"""
  JO

  """Kazakhstan"""
  KZ

  """Kenya"""
  KE

  """Kiribati"""
  KI

  """Korea, Democratic People's Republic of"""
  KP

  """Korea, Republic of"""
  KR

  """Kuwait"""
  KW

  """Kyrgyzstan"""
  KG

  """Lao People's Democratic Republic"""
  LA

  """Latvia"""
  LV

  """Lebanon"""
  LB

  """Lesotho"""
  LS

  """Liberia"""
  LR

  """Libyan Arab Jamahiriya"""
  LY

  """Liechtenstein"""
  LI

  """Lithuania"""
  LT

  """Luxembourg"""
  LU

  """Macau"""
  MO

  """Macedonia"""
  MK

  """Madagascar"""
  MG

  """Malawi"""
  MW

  """Malaysia"""
  MY

  """Maldives"""
  MV

  """Mali"""
  ML

  """Malta"""
  MT

  """Marshall Islands"""
  MH

  """Martinique"""
  MQ

  """Mauritania"""
  MR

  """Mauritius"""
  MU

  """Mayotte"""
  TY

  """Mexico"""
  MX

  """Micronesia, Federated States of"""
  FM

  """Moldova, Republic of"""
  MD

  """Monaco"""
  MC

  """Mongolia"""
  MN

  """Montserrat"""
  MS

  """Morocco"""
  MA

  """Mozambique"""
  MZ

  """Myanmar"""
  MM

  """Namibia"""
  NA

  """Nauru"""
  NR

  """Nepal"""
  NP

  """Netherlands"""
  NL

  """Netherlands Antilles"""
  AN

  """New Caledonia"""
  NC

  """New Zealand"""
  NZ

  """Nicaragua"""
  NI

  """Niger"""
  NE

  """Nigeria"""
  NG

  """Niue"""
  NU

  """Norfork Island"""
  NF

  """Norway"""
  NO

  """Oman"""
  OM

  """Pakistan"""
  PK

  """Palau"""
  PW

  """Panama"""
  PA

  """Papua New Guinea"""
  PG

  """Paraguay"""
  PY

  """Peru"""
  PE

  """Philippines"""
  PH

  """Pitcairn"""
  PN

  """Poland"""
  PL

  """Portugal"""
  PT

  """Puerto Rico"""
  PR

  """Qatar"""
  QA

  """Reunion"""
  RE

  """Romania"""
  RO

  """Russian Federation"""
  RU

  """Rwanda"""
  RW

  """Saint Kitts and Nevis"""
  KN

  """Saint Lucia"""
  LC

  """Saint Vincent and the Grenadines"""
  VC

  """Samoa"""
  WS

  """San Marino"""
  SM

  """Sao Tome and Principe"""
  ST

  """Saudi Arabia"""
  SA

  """Senegal"""
  SN

  """Serbia"""
  RS

  """Seychelles"""
  SC

  """Sierra Leone"""
  SL

  """Singapore"""
  SG

  """Slovakia"""
  SK

  """Slovenia"""
  SI

  """Solomon Islands"""
  SB

  """Somalia"""
  SO

  """South Africa"""
  ZA

  """South Georgia South Sandwich Islands"""
  GS

  """Spain"""
  ES

  """Sri Lanka"""
  LK

  """St. Helena"""
  SH

  """St. Pierre and Miquelon"""
  PM

  """Sudan"""
  SD

  """Suriname"""
  SR

  """Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands"""
  SJ

  """Swaziland"""
  SZ

  """Sweden"""
  SE

  """Switzerland"""
  CH

  """Syrian Arab Republic"""
  SY

  """Taiwan"""
  TW

  """Tajikistan"""
  TJ

  """Tanzania, United Republic of"""
  TZ

  """Thailand"""
  TH

  """Togo"""
  TG

  """Tokelau"""
  TK

  """Tonga"""
  TO

  """Trinidad and Tobago"""
  TT

  """Tunisia"""
  TN

  """Turkey"""
  TR

  """Turkmenistan"""
  TM

  """Turks and Caicos Islands"""
  TC

  """Tuvalu"""
  TV

  """Uganda"""
  UG

  """Ukraine"""
  UA

  """United Arab Emirates"""
  AE

  """United Kingdom"""
  GB

  """Uruguay"""
  UY

  """Uzbekistan"""
  UZ

  """Vanuatu"""
  VU

  """Vatican City State"""
  VA

  """Venezuela"""
  VE

  """Vietnam"""
  VN

  """Virgin Islands (British)"""
  VG

  """Wallis and Futuna Islands"""
  WF

  """Western Sahara"""
  EH

  """Yemen"""
  YE

  """Yugoslavia"""
  YU

  """Zaire"""
  ZR

  """Zambia"""
  ZM

  """Zimbabwe"""
  ZW
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccessLog mutation.
"""
input CreateAccessLogMutationInput {
  """The entity that this access log belongs to."""
  accessloggable_type: String!

  """The ID of the entity that this access log belongs to."""
  accessloggable_id: Int64Bit!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountAdjustmentTransaction mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountAdjustmentTransactionMutationInput {
  """The ID of a Service."""
  service_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The amount to apply this adjustment service for."""
  amount: Int!

  """A description for the transaction."""
  description: String
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountAdtranMosaicServiceDetail mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountAdtranMosaicServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """The ID of an AccountService."""
  account_service_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Adtran Mosaic setting."""
  adtran_mosaic_setting_id: Int64Bit!

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic content provider."""
  uplink_content_provider_name: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic uplink inner tag vlan."""
  uplink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic uplink outer tag vlan."""
  uplink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink interface."""
  downlink_interface_name: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink inner tag vlan."""
  downlink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink outer tag vlan."""
  downlink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountCalixServiceDetail mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountCalixServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """The ID of an AccountService."""
  account_service_id: Int64Bit!

  """Calix Inegartion ID."""
  calix_integration_id: Int64Bit!

  """VLAN."""
  vlan: String

  """C-VLAN."""
  cvlan: Int64Bit

  """Global VLAN."""
  global_vlan: String

  """Policy Map."""
  policy_map: String

  """ONT Port ID."""
  ont_port_id: String

  """Custom JSON."""
  custom_json: String

  """Use Custom JSON."""
  use_custom_json: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountGroup mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountGroupMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccount mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountMutationInput {
  """The ID of the entity."""
  id: Int64Bit

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of an AccountStatus."""
  account_status_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of the serviceable address to use for this account."""
  serviceable_address_id: Int64Bit

  """
  An address where this entity receives mail. If this is not set, the physical address will be used as the mailing address.
  """
  mailing_address: CreateAddressMutationInput

  """The primary contact person."""
  primary_contact: CreatePrimaryContactMutationInput!

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit!

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountOneTimeTransaction mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountOneTimeTransactionMutationInput {
  """The ID of a Service."""
  service_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """A description for the transaction."""
  description: String

  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int!

  """
  The amount to override the cost of the service to. If this is excluded, the service cost will be used.
  """
  price_override: Int

  """
  Items specific to a voice service. Includes the quantity, price override, and related configuration parameter of each.
  """
  account_voice_service_details: [OneTimeTransactionAccountVoiceServiceDetailMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountStatus mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountStatusMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this status activates the account."""
  activates_account: Boolean!

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAccountType mutation.
"""
input CreateAccountTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """The type."""
  type: AccountTypeEnum!

  """The ID of an `InvoiceMessage`."""
  invoice_message_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAchBatch mutation.
"""
input CreateAchBatchMutationInput {
  """The batch ID that gets inserted into the ACH file on generation."""
  ach_sequence: Int64Bit!

  """Whether the receiving bank requires an offset record."""
  offset_record: Boolean!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAddressList mutation.
"""
input CreateAddressListMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """
  The types of account statuses for accounts that are part of this grouping.
  """
  account_status: AddressListAccountStatus!

  """The delinquency state for accounts that are part of this grouping."""
  delinquency: AddressListDelinquency!

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountStatus`es."""
  account_status_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of data `Service`s."""
  data_service_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A list of IDs of `UsageBasedBillingPolicy` objects."""
  usage_based_billing_policy_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The fields necessary to create an address."""
input CreateAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String!

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String!

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String!

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country!

  """Address status ID."""
  address_status_id: Int64Bit
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAddressStatus mutation.
"""
input CreateAddressStatusMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAdjustmentService mutation.
"""
input CreateAdjustmentServiceMutationInput {
  """The ID of the entity."""
  id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication!

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """
  The amount that can be adjusted using this service within the period defined in `adjustment_service_days`.
  """
  amount: Int

  """
  The period of time in which transactions are tracked to calculate against the
  total defined in `adjustment_service_amount`.
  """
  days: Int

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The IDs of `Role`s that are allowed to use this adjustment service."""
  role_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAdtranMosaicSetting mutation.
"""
input CreateAdtranMosaicSettingMutationInput {
  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The base API URL."""
  api_url: String!

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String!

  """A password."""
  password: String!

  """Whether or not to run audit after creation."""
  run_audit_after_creation: Boolean!

  """Whether or not to suspend unattached services."""
  auto_suspend_unattached_services: Boolean!

  """Controls if Sonar should add SMx device alarms to inventory item logs"""
  alarms_create_logs: Boolean!

  """Controls if Sonar updates the ICMP device status from SMx alarms"""
  alarms_change_device_status: Boolean!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic content provider."""
  default_uplink_content_provider_name: String!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic uplink inner tag vlan."""
  default_uplink_inner_tag_vlan: String!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic uplink outer tag vlan."""
  default_uplink_outer_tag_vlan: String!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink interface."""
  default_downlink_interface_name: String!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink inner tag vlan."""
  default_downlink_inner_tag_vlan: String!

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink outer tag vlan."""
  default_downlink_outer_tag_vlan: String!

  """Whether or not commercial account type suspends."""
  commercial_delinquency_suspends: Boolean!

  """Whether or not government account type suspends."""
  government_delinquency_suspends: Boolean!

  """Whether or not residential account type suspends."""
  residential_delinquency_suspends: Boolean!

  """Whether or not senior citizen account type suspends."""
  senior_citizen_delinquency_suspends: Boolean!

  """Whether or not industrial account type suspends."""
  industrial_delinquency_suspends: Boolean!

  """Commercial account type delinquency profile vector."""
  commercial_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Government account type delinquency profile vector."""
  government_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Residential account type delinquency profile vector."""
  residential_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Senior citizen account type delinquency profile vector."""
  senior_citizen_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Industrial account type delinquency profile vector."""
  industrial_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Bounce ports enable profile."""
  bounce_ports_enable_profile: String!

  """Bounce ports disable profile."""
  bounce_ports_disable_profile: String!

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]!

  """An entity which maps a service to Adtran Mosaic specific items."""
  integration_service_mappings: [IntegrationServiceMappingAdtranMosaicInput]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAlertingRotationDay mutation.
"""
input CreateAlertingRotationDayMutationInput {
  """The alerting rotation ID."""
  alerting_rotation_id: Int64Bit!

  """A day."""
  day: Day!

  """The start time for the day."""
  start_time: Time!

  """The end time for the day."""
  end_time: Time!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAlertingRotation mutation.
"""
input CreateAlertingRotationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The start."""
  start: Date!

  """The number of times this repeats."""
  repetitions: Int

  """The number of weeks between repetitions."""
  weeks_between_repetitions: Int!

  """Whether this repeats forever or not."""
  infinite_repetitions: Boolean!

  """
  The number of minutes a device can be in a warning state before generating alert.
  """
  warning_time_in_minutes_before_alerting: Int!

  """
  The number of minutes a device can remain in a warning state before sending a repeat alert.
  """
  warning_time_in_minutes_before_repeat: Int!

  """
  The number of minutes a device can be in a down state before generating alert.
  """
  down_time_in_minutes_before_alerting: Int!

  """
  The number of minutes a device can remain in a down state before sending a repeat alert.
  """
  down_time_in_minutes_before_repeat: Int!

  """Whether to include all account equipment in this rotation."""
  all_accounts: Boolean!

  """Whether to include all network site equipment in this rotation."""
  all_network_sites: Boolean!

  """Whether to include all inventory models in this rotation."""
  all_inventory_models: Boolean!

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """IDs of `NetworkSite`s."""
  network_site_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `InventoryModel`s."""
  inventory_model_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createApplicationFirewallRule mutation.
"""
input CreateApplicationFirewallRuleMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar!

  """A human readable description."""
  description: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAuthenticationFactor mutation.
"""
input CreateAuthenticationFactorMutationInput {
  """The type of authentication factor this is."""
  type: AuthenticationFactorType!

  """The configuration data of the authentication factor."""
  data: Text
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createAvalaraTaxDefinition mutation.
"""
input CreateAvalaraTaxDefinitionMutationInput {
  """The service name as defined by Avalara."""
  service_name: String!

  """The service type as defined by Avalara."""
  service_type: Int!

  """Whether or not this entity is archived."""
  archived: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createBankAccount mutation.
"""
input CreateBankAccountMutationInput {
  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The name on the account."""
  name_on_account: String!

  """The type of bank account this is."""
  bank_account_type: BankAccountType!

  """The bank account number."""
  account_number: Numeric!

  """The bank routing number."""
  routing_number: Numeric!

  """Whether or not this payment method is enabled for automatic payments."""
  auto: Boolean!

  """The billing address for the payment method."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createBankAccountPayment mutation.
"""
input CreateBankAccountPaymentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a BankAccount."""
  bank_account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The amount of the payment, in the smallest currency value."""
  amount: Int!

  """A description of the payment, used for internal reference."""
  description: String

  """Apply this payment to any open invoices."""
  apply_to_open_invoices: Boolean!

  """The unique tracking ID for this payment."""
  payment_tracker_id: String

  """Email payment receipt to account holder"""
  email_payment_receipt: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createBankAccountProcessor mutation.
"""
input CreateBankAccountProcessorMutationInput {
  """The provider to use when transacting against bank accounts."""
  provider: BankAccountProvider!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """
  Whether or not this is the primary provider to use when transacting against newly added bank accounts.
  """
  primary: Boolean!

  """
  The credentials to use to authenticate against the bank account provider.
  """
  bank_account_processor_credentials: [BankAccountProcessorCredentialInput]!

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createBillingDefault mutation.
"""
input CreateBillingDefaultLinkedInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not to use a fixed bill day, versus anniversary day billing. Use `bill_day_mode` for further customization.
  """
  fixed_bill_day: Boolean

  """The day that billing runs."""
  bill_day: Int

  """The number of days after the invoice date that it is due."""
  due_days: Int!

  """
  The number of days after the invoice due date that the invoice is marked delinquent.
  """
  grace_days: Int!

  """
  The number of days after `auto_pay_day` that autopay runs for an invoice.
  """
  auto_pay_days: Int!

  """The number of months to bill at a time."""
  months_to_bill: Int!

  """Whether or not this account is tax exempt."""
  tax_exempt: Boolean!

  """The type of bill this account receives."""
  bill_mode: BillMode!

  """Whether this account receives a printed invoice."""
  print_invoice: Boolean!

  """
  The day that automatic billing invoices are generated for. If this is `null`, then `bill_day` is used.
  """
  invoice_day: Int

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether
  `auto_pay_days` is calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  auto_pay_day: BillingParameterDayOption!

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether `due_days` is
  calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  due_days_day: BillingParameterDayOption!

  """
  Whether or not this account should be moved into another status after being delinquent for a preset period.
  """
  switch_status_after_delinquency: Boolean!

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the number of
  days of delinquency to allow before the status switch.
  """
  days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch: Int

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is true, this is the account status that
  the account will be moved into after `days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch`
  days of delinquency.
  """
  delinquency_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the status the
  account will be moved back into if delinquency is cleared while the account is
  set to the `delinquency_account_status_id` account status.
  """
  delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether the account bill and invoice day are fixed, the account activation day
  is used as bill day, or the account activation day is used as the invoice day.
  """
  bill_day_mode: BillDayModeOption

  """
  Whether or not this account participates in the federal Lifeline program.
  """
  lifeline: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to aggregate invoice taxes instead of printing with each charge.
  """
  aggregate_invoice_taxes: Boolean

  """
  Determines if the billing parameters apply by account type or for anchor / linked types.
  """
  default_for: BillingDefaultFor = ACCOUNT_TYPE

  """
  Determines if delinquency settings on an Anchor default is applied only to the
  Anchor account or the Linked accounts as well.
  """
  anchor_delinquency_logic: AnchorDelinquencyLogic

  """
  Services specific to a Linked billing default. Includes the service, name
  override, price override, and anchor allowance of each.
  """
  billing_services: [BillingServiceMutationInput]

  """Whether or not to aggregate linked debits on Anchor invoices."""
  aggregate_linked_debits: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createBillingDefault mutation.
"""
input CreateBillingDefaultMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not to use a fixed bill day, versus anniversary day billing. Use `bill_day_mode` for further customization.
  """
  fixed_bill_day: Boolean

  """The day that billing runs."""
  bill_day: Int

  """The number of days after the invoice date that it is due."""
  due_days: Int!

  """
  The number of days after the invoice due date that the invoice is marked delinquent.
  """
  grace_days: Int!

  """
  The number of days after `auto_pay_day` that autopay runs for an invoice.
  """
  auto_pay_days: Int!

  """The number of months to bill at a time."""
  months_to_bill: Int!

  """Whether or not this account is tax exempt."""
  tax_exempt: Boolean!

  """The type of bill this account receives."""
  bill_mode: BillMode!

  """Whether this account receives a printed invoice."""
  print_invoice: Boolean!

  """
  The day that automatic billing invoices are generated for. If this is `null`, then `bill_day` is used.
  """
  invoice_day: Int

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether
  `auto_pay_days` is calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  auto_pay_day: BillingParameterDayOption!

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether `due_days` is
  calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  due_days_day: BillingParameterDayOption!

  """
  Whether or not this account should be moved into another status after being delinquent for a preset period.
  """
  switch_status_after_delinquency: Boolean!

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the number of
  days of delinquency to allow before the status switch.
  """
  days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch: Int

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is true, this is the account status that
  the account will be moved into after `days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch`
  days of delinquency.
  """
  delinquency_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the status the
  account will be moved back into if delinquency is cleared while the account is
  set to the `delinquency_account_status_id` account status.
  """
  delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether the account bill and invoice day are fixed, the account activation day
  is used as bill day, or the account activation day is used as the invoice day.
  """
  bill_day_mode: BillDayModeOption

  """
  Whether or not this account participates in the federal Lifeline program.
  """
  lifeline: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to aggregate invoice taxes instead of printing with each charge.
  """
  aggregate_invoice_taxes: Boolean

  """
  Determines if the billing parameters apply by account type or for anchor / linked types.
  """
  default_for: BillingDefaultFor = ACCOUNT_TYPE

  """
  Determines if delinquency settings on an Anchor default is applied only to the
  Anchor account or the Linked accounts as well.
  """
  anchor_delinquency_logic: AnchorDelinquencyLogic

  """
  Services specific to a Linked billing default. Includes the service, name
  override, price override, and anchor allowance of each.
  """
  billing_services: [BillingServiceMutationInput]

  """Whether or not to aggregate linked debits on Anchor invoices."""
  aggregate_linked_debits: Boolean

  """The linked billing defaults for the anchor."""
  linked_billing_default: CreateBillingDefaultLinkedInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCableModemProvisioner mutation.
"""
input CreateCableModemProvisionerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean! = true

  """The type of cable modem provisioner."""
  type: CableModemProvisionerType!

  """The cable modem provisioner hostname or IP address."""
  hostname: String!

  """Credentials for a cable modem provisioner."""
  cable_modem_provisioner_credentials: [CableModemAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCalendarIcal mutation.
"""
input CreateCalendarIcalMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCalixCloudSetting mutation.
"""
input CreateCalixCloudSettingMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The Auth0 client ID."""
  client_id: String!

  """The Auth0 client secret."""
  client_secret: String!

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String!

  """A password."""
  password: String!

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field1."""
  subscriber_field1_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field2."""
  subscriber_field2_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field3."""
  subscriber_field3_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field4."""
  subscriber_field4_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field5."""
  subscriber_field5_id: Int64Bit

  """The area type to be used for the region."""
  subscriber_region: CalixSubscriberAreaType

  """The area type to be used for the location."""
  subscriber_location: CalixSubscriberAreaType

  """An array of Calix service group definitions."""
  service_group_tiers: Text

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCalixIntegration mutation.
"""
input CreateCalixIntegrationMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """Subscriber organization ID to use for integration"""
  org_id: String!

  """
  The URL of the SMx server including the SMx API port, eg. mysmx.org:18443 (SMx uses 18443 as the default API port)
  """
  smx_url: String!

  """The basic auth credentials to use with SMx, username:password"""
  smx_credentials: String!

  """The software version of SMx that will be used in integration"""
  smx_version: CalixIntegrationVersion!

  """An entity which maps a service to a vendor specific service name"""
  integration_service_mappings: [IntegrationServiceMappingInput]

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]

  """Controls if Sonar should add SMx device alarms to inventory item logs"""
  alarms_create_logs: Boolean!

  """Controls if Sonar updates the ICMP device status from SMx alarms"""
  alarms_change_device_status: Boolean!

  """
  Controls if Sonar updates the inventory item's soft IP address from SMx DHCP lease alarms.
  """
  alarms_update_ip_assignment: Boolean!

  """
  Controls whether to turn on synchronization of Calix ONTs and Subscribers, from Sonar Inventory Items and Accounts.
  """
  enable_ont_synchronization: Boolean!

  """
  Disable, pause, then re-enable Calix ONT ports after creating or removing
  service.  Recommended for deployments using DHCP within SMx.
  """
  bounce_ports: Boolean!

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a residential account becomes delinquent.
  """
  residential_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a commercial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  commercial_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a government account becomes delinquent.
  """
  government_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a residential account becomes delinquent.
  """
  residential_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a commercial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  commercial_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a government account becomes delinquent.
  """
  government_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when an industrial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  industrial_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when an industrial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  industrial_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a senior citizen account becomes delinquent.
  """
  senior_citizen_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a senior citizen account becomes delinquent.
  """
  senior_citizen_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  Whether or not a default Calix service detail record is created when integration service added.
  """
  create_default_service_detail: Boolean = false

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCallDetailRecordImportFlatfile mutation.
"""
input CreateCallDetailRecordImportFlatfileMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit!

  """The identifier of a unique batch at Flatfile."""
  flatfile_batch_identifier: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCallDetailRecord mutation.
"""
input CreateCallDetailRecordMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit!

  """The DID that initiated the call."""
  originating_number: String!

  """The DID that received the call."""
  receiving_number: String!

  """When the call was started."""
  started_at: Datetime!

  """The total length of the call in seconds."""
  length_in_seconds: Int!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCallLog mutation.
"""
input CreateCallLogMutationInput {
  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The subject."""
  subject: String!

  """The body."""
  body: Text!

  """The time in seconds."""
  time_in_seconds: Int!

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCannedReplyCategory mutation.
"""
input CreateCannedReplyCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCannedReply mutation.
"""
input CreateCannedReplyMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The body."""
  body: Text!

  """The ID of a `CannedReplyCategory`."""
  canned_reply_category_id: Int64Bit!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCompany mutation.
"""
input CreateCompanyMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The address of the company website."""
  website_address: URL

  """A telephone number."""
  phone_number: Numeric

  """The primary color to use in Sonar."""
  primary_color: HtmlHexColor!

  """The secondary color to use in Sonar."""
  secondary_color: HtmlHexColor!

  """Whether or not this entity is a default entry."""
  default: Boolean!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country!

  """
  A tax identification number. Should only be entered if you are required to
  share some type of tax identification information with your customers.
  """
  tax_identification: String

  """Whether or not to include a detachable remittance slip on the invoice."""
  show_remittance_slip: Boolean!

  """On an enabled remittance slip, who should checks be made payable to?"""
  checks_payable_to: String

  """
  The address shown on the invoice, and on the remittance slip, if it is enabled.
  """
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput!

  """
  The IDs of `CustomField`s that should be displayed on invoices. A maximum of 3
  fields can be selected, and they must all be associated with `Account`s.
  """
  custom_field_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The URL to your customer portal."""
  customer_portal_url: URL

  """The ISP type of this `Company`."""
  isp_type: IspType

  """Departments."""
  departments: [CompanyDepartmentInput]

  """
  The daily start time of the period during which billing communication e.g. new
  invoices, delinquency, etc. will not be sent.
  """
  billing_communication_delay_start_local_time: Time

  """
  The daily end time of the period during which billing communication e.g. new invoices, delinquency, etc. will not be sent.
  """
  billing_communication_delay_end_local_time: Time

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createContact mutation.
"""
input CreateContactMutationInput {
  """The type of entity that owns this contact."""
  contactable_type: ContactableType!

  """The ID of the entity that owns this contact."""
  contactable_id: Int64Bit!

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The role of the contact, e.g. "CEO" or "Network Engineer"."""
  role: String

  """An email address."""
  email_address: EmailAddress

  """Phone numbers."""
  phone_numbers: [CreatePhoneNumberMutationInput]

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  message_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  email_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Make this the new primary contact."""
  become_primary: Boolean

  """A supported language."""
  language: Language

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """Whether or not marketing messages accepted."""
  marketing_opt_in: Boolean = false

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the  mutation."""
input CreateContactPhoneNumberMutationInput {
  """The ID of the contact that owns this."""
  contact_id: Int64Bit!

  """The number."""
  number: Numeric!

  """The extension."""
  extension: Numeric

  """A two character country code for this phone number."""
  country: Country!

  """The ID of the PhoneNumberType associated with this phone number."""
  phone_number_type_id: Int64Bit!

  """Whether or not SMS messages accepted."""
  sms_opt_in: Boolean = false
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createContract mutation.
"""
input CreateContractMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `ContractTemplate`."""
  contract_template_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of the contact that owns this."""
  contact_id: Int64Bit!

  """The custom message."""
  custom_message: Text

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createContractTemplate mutation.
"""
input CreateContractTemplateMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The body."""
  body: Text!

  """The term in months."""
  term_in_months: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCoreCreditCard mutation.
"""
input CreateCoreCreditCardMutationInput {
  """The name on the credit card."""
  name_on_card: String!

  """The credit card number."""
  card_number: Numeric!

  """
  The CVV2 number (also called CVV, CSV, and CID, depending on the card issuer.)
  """
  cvv2: Numeric!

  """The month the credit card expires."""
  expiration_month: Int!

  """The year the credit card expires."""
  expiration_year: Int!

  """The billing address for the payment method."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCorePayment mutation.
"""
input CreateCorePaymentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a CreditCard."""
  credit_card_id: Int64Bit!

  """The amount of the payment, in the smallest currency value."""
  amount: Int!

  """A description of the payment, used for internal reference."""
  description: String

  """Apply this payment to any open invoices."""
  apply_to_open_invoices: Boolean!

  """The unique tracking ID for this payment."""
  payment_tracker_id: String

  """Email payment receipt to account holder"""
  email_payment_receipt: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCreditCard mutation.
"""
input CreateCreditCardMutationInput {
  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The name on the credit card."""
  name_on_card: String!

  """The credit card number."""
  card_number: Numeric!

  """
  The CVV2 number (also called CVV, CSV, and CID, depending on the card issuer.)
  """
  cvv2: Numeric!

  """The month the credit card expires."""
  expiration_month: Int!

  """The year the credit card expires."""
  expiration_year: Int!

  """Whether or not this payment method is enabled for automatic payments."""
  auto: Boolean!

  """The billing address for the payment method."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCreditCardPayment mutation.
"""
input CreateCreditCardPaymentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a CreditCard."""
  credit_card_id: Int64Bit!

  """The amount of the payment, in the smallest currency value."""
  amount: Int!

  """A description of the payment, used for internal reference."""
  description: String

  """Apply this payment to any open invoices."""
  apply_to_open_invoices: Boolean!

  """The unique tracking ID for this payment."""
  payment_tracker_id: String

  """Email payment receipt to account holder"""
  email_payment_receipt: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCreditCardProcessor mutation.
"""
input CreateCreditCardProcessorMutationInput {
  """The company that provides credit card processing services."""
  provider: CreditCardProvider!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """Whether or not this is the primary type of entity."""
  primary: Boolean!

  """
  A list of credentials for the provider. Check the enum
  `CreditCardProviderCredential` - all values that begin with the same string as
  the `CreditCardProvider` entered in the `provider` field must be included.
  """
  credit_card_processor_credentials: [CreditCardProcessorCredentialInput]!

  """Enable VISA Electron transactions."""
  visaelectron: Boolean = true

  """Enable Maestro transactions."""
  maestro: Boolean = true

  """Enable Forbrugsforeningen transactions."""
  forbrugsforeningen: Boolean = true

  """Enable Dankort transactions."""
  dankort: Boolean = true

  """Enable VISA transactions."""
  visa: Boolean = true

  """Enable Mastercard transactions."""
  mastercard: Boolean = true

  """Enable American Express transactions."""
  amex: Boolean = true

  """Enable Diners Club transactions."""
  dinersclub: Boolean = true

  """Enable Discover transactions."""
  discover: Boolean = true

  """Enable UnionPay transactions."""
  unionpay: Boolean = true

  """Enable JCB transactions."""
  jcb: Boolean = true

  """
  Enables processor specific `Mail Or Telephone Order` functionality. Currently only applicable for `Stripe`.
  """
  moto_enabled: Boolean = false

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCustomField mutation.
"""
input CreateCustomFieldMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The type of custom field input this is."""
  type: CustomFieldType!

  """
  Whether or not the value of this custom field must be unique throughout the system.
  """
  unique: Boolean!

  """The type of entity this custom field will be associated with."""
  entity_type: CustomfielddataableType!

  """
  Whether or not this custom field must be filled in upon creation of an entity.
  """
  required: Boolean!

  """
  A list of values that are valid for this field, if this is a TEXT field. If
  this is empty, and the field is a TEXT type, then any value will be allowed.
  """
  enum_options: [String]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createCustomLink mutation.
"""
input CreateCustomLinkMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A title that will be displayed for this item."""
  label: String

  """The URL to navigate to."""
  url: String!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  icon_color: HtmlHexColor

  """The model."""
  model: CustomLinkModel!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDataService mutation.
"""
input CreateDataServiceMutationInput {
  """The ID of the entity."""
  id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication!

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int!

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int!

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """The download speed of the service in kilobits per second."""
  download_speed_kilobits_per_second: Int!

  """The upload speed of the service in kilobits per second."""
  upload_speed_kilobits_per_second: Int!

  """
  The FCC technology code for the service. Only relevant to US ISPs filing FCC Form 477.
  """
  technology_code: TechnologyCode!

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  The global service profile name for this service if using Telrad provisioning.
  """
  telrad_global_service_profile_name: String

  """The ID of a `UsageBasedBillingPolicy`."""
  usage_based_billing_policy_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDataUsages mutation.
"""
input CreateDataUsageMutationInput {
  """The time."""
  time: Datetime!

  """The amount of inbound bytes (must be a counter value)."""
  inbytes: Int64Bit!

  """The amount of outbound bytes (must be a counter value)."""
  outbytes: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The data source identifier."""
  data_source_identifier: String!

  """The data source parent."""
  data_source_parent: String!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDataUsageTopOff mutation.
"""
input CreateDataUsageTopOffMutationInput {
  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDelinquencyExclusion mutation.
"""
input CreateDelinquencyExclusionMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The day that this exclusion covers."""
  day: Int!

  """The month that this exclusion covers."""
  month: Int!

  """The year that this exclusion covers."""
  year: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDepartment mutation.
"""
input CreateDepartmentMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDeploymentType mutation.
"""
input CreateDeploymentTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDepositSlip mutation.
"""
input CreateDepositSlipMutationInput {
  """A date"""
  date: Date!

  """The bank account name/number"""
  bank_account_line: String!

  """The memo."""
  memo: Text

  """The payment IDs."""
  payment_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A single file to associate with this object. Any existing file will be overwritten.
  """
  file: AssociateFileMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDhcpServerIdentifier mutation.
"""
input CreateDhcpServerIdentifierMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDhcpServer mutation.
"""
input CreateDhcpServerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean! = true

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip_address: IP!

  """A TCP port."""
  port: Port!

  """A `DhcpServerType`."""
  type: DhcpServerType!

  """Does this `DhcpServer` provide DHCP for all IP pools?"""
  serves_all_pools: Boolean!

  """
  If this is `true`, then Sonar will use the MAC address of the DHCP relay
  rather than the MAC address of the requesting device when writing a lease.
  This should generally be disabled unless you have a specific reason to enable it.
  """
  use_source_mac_address: Boolean! = false

  """Credentials for the `DhcpServer.`"""
  dhcp_server_credentials: [DhcpServerAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]!

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDidAssignment mutation.
"""
input CreateDidAssignmentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `Did`."""
  did_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an Account."""
  account_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a Service."""
  service_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createDidImportFlatfile mutation.
"""
input CreateDidImportFlatfileMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a `RateCenter`."""
  rate_center_id: Int64Bit!

  """The identifier of a unique batch at Flatfile."""
  flatfile_batch_identifier: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the createDid mutation."""
input CreateDidMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a `RateCenter`."""
  rate_center_id: Int64Bit!

  """The number."""
  number: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createEmailCategory mutation.
"""
input CreateEmailCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """
  If this is `true`, then any contacts created will have this category associated with them by default.
  """
  default: Boolean!

  """If `true`, this category will be added to all existing contacts."""
  apply_to_existing_contacts: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createEmailDomain mutation.
"""
input CreateEmailDomainMutationInput {
  """A domain name."""
  domain: DomainName!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createEmailMessageContent mutation.
"""
input CreateEmailMessageContentMutationInput {
  """A supported language."""
  language: Language!

  """
  A short sentence that will be shown as a preview in compatible email clients.
  """
  inbox_preview: String

  """The subject."""
  subject: String!

  """The body."""
  body: Text!

  """The ID of an EmailMessage."""
  email_message_id: Int64Bit!

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createEmailMessage mutation.
"""
input CreateEmailMessageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """
  The name to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_name: String

  """
  The email address to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_email_address: EmailAddress!

  """ID of the Saved Message Category."""
  saved_message_category_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the createEpc mutation."""
input CreateEpcMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The identifier used by the EPC, this is typically numeric."""
  identifier: String!

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createExpiringService mutation.
"""
input CreateExpiringServiceMutationInput {
  """The ID of the entity."""
  id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this entity is active."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication!

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int!

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The number of times this expiring service should run."""
  times_to_run: Int!

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int!

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createExternalMarketingProvider mutation.
"""
input CreateExternalMarketingProviderMutationInput {
  """
  The `ExternalMarketingProviderType` for 3rd party external marketing integration.
  """
  provider: ExternalMarketingProviderType!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """
  The credentials to use to authenticate against the external marketing provider.
  """
  external_marketing_provider_credentials: [ExternalMarketingProviderCredentialInput]!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createFccForm477Report mutation.
"""
input CreateFccForm477ReportMutationInput {
  """
  A list of IDs of data `Service`s used to generate data for FCC Form 477.
  """
  data_service_ids: [Int]

  """A list of IDs of voice `Service`s for use with FCC Form 477."""
  voice_service_ids: [Int]

  """The format of the reporting for FCC Form 477."""
  format: FccForm477Format!

  """
  A single file to associate with this object. Any existing file will be overwritten.
  """
  file: AssociateFileMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createFibermapIntegration mutation.
"""
input CreateFibermapIntegrationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """An API token."""
  api_token: String!

  """Import serviceable addresses"""
  import_serviceable_addresses: Boolean!

  """Import plans and contacts"""
  import_accounts_and_contacts: Boolean!

  """Always create new network sites"""
  always_create_new_network_sites: Boolean!

  """Allow serviceability status to be read from map features"""
  read_serviceability_from_features: Boolean = false

  """Update service locations in Vetro Fibermap"""
  update_service_locations: Boolean

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGeneralLedgerCode mutation.
"""
input CreateGeneralLedgerCodeMutationInput {
  """
  A code for this general ledger code. This is typically numeric, but does not have to be.
  """
  code: String!

  """
  A human readable description for this general ledger code (e.g. Internet Services.)
  """
  description: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGenericInventoryAssignee mutation.
"""
input CreateGenericInventoryAssigneeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGenericInventoryItems mutation.
"""
input CreateGenericInventoryItemsMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of the entity that owns this generic `InventoryItem`."""
  genericinventoryitemable_type: InventoryitemableType!

  """The type of entity that owns this generic `InventoryItem`."""
  genericinventoryitemable_id: Int64Bit!

  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int!

  """The purchase price of this item."""
  purchase_price: Float

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGeofence mutation.
"""
input CreateGeofenceMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A collection of points that makes up a polygon."""
  vertexes: [[VertexMutationInput!]]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGeoTaxZone mutation.
"""
input CreateGeoTaxZoneMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of a Tax."""
  tax_id: Int64Bit!

  """
  The rate for a tax. For a percentage based tax, this is a percentage. For a
  flat tax, it is a currency value in the smallest currency unit (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)
  """
  rate: Float!

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A US county. Only used for US addresses."""
  county: UsCounty

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """Whether to match on partial ZIP/postal codes."""
  zip_partial_match: Boolean!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGlobalInventoryModelMinMax mutation.
"""
input CreateGlobalInventoryModelMinMaxMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """Minimum value"""
  minimum: Int!

  """Minimum value"""
  maximum: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createGpsTrackingProvider mutation.
"""
input CreateGpsTrackingProviderMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  provider: GpsTrackingProviderType!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean! = true

  """`GpsTrackingProvider` Credentials."""
  gps_tracking_provider_credentials: [GpsTrackingProviderCredentialInput]!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIdentityProviderActiveDirectory mutation.
"""
input CreateIdentityProviderActiveDirectoryMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The ActiveDirectory icon URL."""
  icon_url: URL

  """Whether to disable the cache or not."""
  disable_cache: Boolean!

  """Whether to use client SSL certificate authentication or not."""
  cert_auth: Boolean!

  """Whether to use Windows Integrated Auth (Kerberos) or not."""
  kerberos: Boolean!

  """The list of domains that can be authenticated."""
  domain_aliases: [String]

  """The range of IPs with which to use Windows Integrated Auth (Kerberos)."""
  ips: [String]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIdentityProviderGoogle mutation.
"""
input CreateIdentityProviderGoogleMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The client ID for this identity provider."""
  client_id: String!

  """The client secret for this identity provider."""
  client_secret: String!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIdentityProviderMicrosoft mutation.
"""
input CreateIdentityProviderMicrosoftMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The client ID for this identity provider."""
  client_id: String!

  """The client secret for this identity provider."""
  client_secret: String!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIdentityProviderSaml mutation.
"""
input CreateIdentityProviderSamlMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The SAML sign in URL."""
  sign_in_endpoint: URL!

  """The SAML sign out URL."""
  sign_out_endpoint: URL

  """
  The attribute in the SAML token that will be mapped to the user_id property.
  """
  user_id_attribute: URL

  """The X.509 signing certificate contents."""
  certificate: Text!

  """
  Whether to include more verbose logging during the authentication process or not.
  """
  debug: Boolean!

  """Whether to sign the SAML request or not."""
  sign_saml_request: Boolean!

  """The sign request algorithm."""
  signature_algorithm: SamlSignatureAlgorithm!

  """The sign request algorithm digest."""
  digest_algorithm: SamlDigestAlgorithm!

  """The SAML protocol binding."""
  protocol_binding: SamlProtocolBinding!

  """Authentication domains."""
  auth_domains: String!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInboundMailbox mutation.
"""
input CreateInboundMailboxMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean = true

  """
  The name to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_name: String!

  """The mailbox email is sent from."""
  from_mailbox: String!

  """The ID of an `EmailDomain`."""
  email_domain_id: Int64Bit!

  """The priority of a `Ticket`."""
  priority: TicketPriority!

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit!

  """Whether or not an auto reply should be sent."""
  send_auto_reply: Boolean!

  """The auto reply to send."""
  auto_reply: Text

  """Whether or not to append a signature."""
  append_signature: Boolean!

  """
  The signature to append. You can include `[PUBLIC_NAME]` as a variable to
  insert the user's public name when the signature is appended.
  """
  signature: Text

  """Whether or not to enable Slack integration."""
  enable_slack_integration: Boolean!

  """
  Whether the email body should be posted to Slack, or just the email subject.
  """
  post_email_body_to_slack: Boolean

  """
  The URL of a Slack webhook. You can generate one at https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook.
  """
  slack_webhook_url: URL

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInlineDevice mutation.
"""
input CreateInlineDeviceMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean! = true

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip_address: IP!

  """A TCP port."""
  port: Port

  """The type of inline device."""
  type: InlineDeviceType!

  """Whether this device should write entries for all subnets or not."""
  all_subnets: Boolean!

  """Credentials for an inline device."""
  inline_device_credentials: [InlineDeviceAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]!

  """IDs of `Subnet`s."""
  subnet_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInternalLocation mutation.
"""
input CreateInternalLocationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The ID of an `InventoryLocation`."""
  inventory_location_id: Int64Bit!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInternalTicket mutation.
"""
input CreateInternalTicketMutationInput {
  """The subject."""
  subject: String!

  """A human readable description."""
  description: Text!

  """The status."""
  status: TicketStatus!

  """The priority of a `Ticket`."""
  priority: TicketPriority!

  """The date this invoice is due by."""
  due_date: Date

  """The type of entity that this `Ticket` is associated with."""
  ticketable_type: TicketableType

  """The ID of the entity that this `Ticket` is associated with."""
  ticketable_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the `Ticket` that this `Ticket` is a child of."""
  parent_ticket_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `TicketCategory`s."""
  ticket_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """Allows subscribing to notifications for this entity."""
  subscription: SubscriptionMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryItemSegment mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryItemSegmentMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryItem`."""
  inventory_item_id: Int64Bit!

  """The type of entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_type: InventoryitemableType!

  """The ID of the entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_id: Int64Bit!

  """The quantity of this inventory model."""
  quantity: Int!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryItems mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryItemsMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """The type of entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_type: InventoryitemableType!

  """The ID of the entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a `DeploymentType`."""
  deployment_type_id: Int64Bit

  """The contents of the fields for the items being added."""
  items: [InventoryItemFieldsMutationInput]!
}

"""Provides address details for an inventory location."""
input CreateInventoryLocationAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country!

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude!

  """A decimal longitude."""
  longitude: Longitude!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryLocation mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryLocationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """
  Marks this inventory location as the default shipping location for purchase orders.
  """
  default_shipping_location: Boolean

  """The physical address of the inventory location."""
  address: CreateInventoryLocationAddressMutationInput!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryModelCategory mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryModelCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryModelField mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryModelFieldMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Types that inventory model fields can be set to."""
  type: InventoryModelFieldType!

  """Secondary types that inventory model fields can be set to."""
  secondary_type: InventoryModelFieldSecondaryType

  """Whether or not this field is required."""
  required: Boolean!

  """Whether or not the field contents must be unique."""
  unique: Uniqueness!

  """A PCRE regular expression. Omit the leading and closing /."""
  regexp: String

  """
  A single inventory model field can be set to be the primary field. This will
  be used as the primary identifier for items of this model throughout Sonar.
  """
  primary: Boolean!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryModelMinMax mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryModelMinMaxMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_model_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an `InventoryModel`."""
  inventory_location_id: Int64Bit!

  """Minimum value"""
  minimum: Int!

  """Minimum value"""
  maximum: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInventoryModel mutation.
"""
input CreateInventoryModelMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """The ID of a Manufacturer."""
  manufacturer_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of an InventoryModelCategory."""
  inventory_model_category_id: Int64Bit!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """The actual model name/part number."""
  model_name: String

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """
  The TCP port that the web interface of this type of device is available on.
  """
  port: Int

  """The protocol used to access the web interface."""
  protocol: Protocol

  """
  A generic inventory model does not have any fields, and is used for items that
  you don't need to track individually (for example, a box of screws, or a spool of cable.)
  """
  generic: Boolean!

  """The type of inventory model."""
  device_type: InventoryModelDeviceType = OTHER

  """
  Sets the default vendor to be used for purchasing this inventory model.
  """
  default_vendor_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not inventory item can be broken down into segments."""
  is_segmentable: Boolean

  """The quantity of this inventory model."""
  quantity: Int

  """The unit of measurement for this inventory model."""
  unit_of_measurement: UnitOfMeasurementType

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInvoiceAttachment mutation.
"""
input CreateInvoiceAttachmentMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The date to start attaching this PDF to invoices."""
  start: Date

  """The date to stop attaching this PDF to invoices."""
  end: Date

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A single file to associate with this object. Any existing file will be overwritten.
  """
  file: AssociateFileMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInvoiceMessage mutation.
"""
input CreateInvoiceMessageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """The message."""
  message: String!

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInvoice mutation.
"""
input CreateInvoiceMutationInput {
  """
  A list of `Debit` IDs to be used to create the invoice. They must not be currently associated with an invoice.
  """
  debit_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """The invoice date."""
  date: Date!

  """A custom message to print on the invoice."""
  message: Text

  """The date this invoice is due by."""
  due_date: Date
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createInvoiceTemplate mutation.
"""
input CreateInvoiceTemplateMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean!

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The content of an Invoice Template which includes a remittance slip."""
  with_remittance: Clob

  """
  The content of an Invoice Template which does not include a remittance slip.
  """
  without_remittance: Clob

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIpAssignmentFromDhcpReservation mutation.
"""
input CreateIpAssignmentFromDhcpReservationMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  ip_address: String!

  """A MAC address."""
  mac_address: String!

  """Some reference data regarding this IP assignment."""
  remote_id: Text

  """Expired."""
  expired: Boolean!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIpAssignment mutation.
"""
input CreateIpAssignmentMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar!

  """The owner of this `IpAssignment`."""
  ipassignmentable_type: IpassignmentableType!

  """The ID of the owner of this `IpAssignment`."""
  ipassignmentable_id: Int64Bit!

  """
  If this IP was assigned automatically (e.g. via DHCP or RADIUS) then it will be marked as a soft assignment.
  """
  soft: Boolean = false

  """Some reference data regarding this IP assignment."""
  reference: Text

  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createIpPool mutation.
"""
input CreateIpPoolMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A range of IPv4 addresses."""
  ip_range: IpRange!

  """The ID of a `DhcpServerIdentifier`."""
  dhcp_server_identifier_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `EPC`s."""
  epc_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `DhcpServer`s."""
  dhcp_server_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the createJob mutation."""
input CreateJobMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `JobType`."""
  job_type_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a `Ticket`."""
  ticket_id: Int64Bit

  """The date and time this `Job` is scheduled for."""
  scheduled_datetime: Datetime

  """The length in minutes for this `Job`."""
  length_in_minutes: Int

  """The type of entity that this `Job` is associated with."""
  jobbable_type: JobbableType!

  """The ID of the entity that this `Job` is associated with."""
  jobbable_id: Int64Bit!

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The ID of the serviceable address account assignment future."""
  serviceable_address_account_assignment_future_id: Int64Bit

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createJobService mutation.
"""
input CreateJobServiceMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `Job`."""
  job_id: Int64Bit!

  """The ID of a `Service`."""
  service_id: Int64Bit!

  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the createJobType mutation.
"""
input CreateJobTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean = true

  """The default length for a `Job` created using this `JobType`."""
  default_length_in_minutes: Int!

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor!

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon!

  """
  Whether `Job`s associated with this `JobType` should be able to be completed with incomplete tasks.
  """
  allow_completion_with_incomplete_tasks: Boolean!

  """Whether or not this `JobType` is valid for all `Companies`."""
  all_companies: Boolean!

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  while associated with an `Account` will trigger the disconnection of the `Account`.
  """
  disconnects_account: Boolean

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  while associated with an `Account` will change the `Account` to this
  `AccountStatus`.
  """
  account_status_id_completion: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed
  unsuccessfully while associated with an `Account` will change the `Account` to
  this `AccountStatus`.
  """
  account_status_id_failure: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  will create a `Ticket` and assign it to this `TicketGroup`.
  """
  ticket_group_id_completion: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed
  unsuccessfully will create a `Ticket` and assign it to this `TicketGroup`.
  """
  ticket_group_id_failure: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `ContractTemplate`."""
  contract_template_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TaskTemplate`."""
  task_template_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `Service`s."""
  service_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Completion ticket action."""
  action_on_completion: JobTypeAction = NONE

  """Failure ticket action."""
  action_on_failure: JobTypeAction = NONE

  """Ticket status on completion."""
  ticket_status_on_completion: TicketStatus = OPEN

  """Ticket status on failure."""
  ticket_status_on_failure: TicketStatus = OPEN

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The linked address details for each item processed in createLinkedAddresses mutation.
"""

```
