```graphql
type UninventoriedMacAddressConnection {
  """A list of the entities provided by this connection."""
  entities: [UninventoriedMacAddress]!

  """
  An object providing information about the page of results being displayed, as
  well as the total amount of pages/records available.
  """
  page_info: PageInfo!

  """
  Provides the ability to return aggregated mathematical data about your results.
  """
  aggregations: [Aggregation]!
}

"""The unique setting of a field."""
enum Uniqueness {
  """The value of the field is not required to be unique."""
  NONE

  """
  The value of the field must be unique, but only in the context of other values entered into this field specifically.
  """
  LOCAL

  """The field must be unique amongst all other fields of the same type."""
  GLOBAL
}

"""The unit designator (APT, STE, UNIT,...) associated with an address."""
enum UnitDesignator {
  """Apartment"""
  APT

  """Building"""
  BLDG

  """Department"""
  DEPT

  """Floor"""
  FL

  """Hanger"""
  HNGR

  """Key"""
  KEY

  """Lot"""
  LOT

  """Pier"""
  PIER

  """Room"""
  RM

  """Slip"""
  SLIP

  """Space"""
  SPC

  """Suite"""
  STE

  """Stop"""
  STOP

  """Trailer"""
  TRLR

  """Unit"""
  UNIT
}

"""The unit of measurement type."""
enum UnitOfMeasurementType {
  """centimeters"""
  CENTIMETERS

  """each"""
  EACH

  """inches"""
  INCHES

  """feet"""
  FEET

  """meters"""
  METERS
}

"""The system of units."""
enum Units {
  """Metric."""
  METRIC

  """Imperial."""
  IMPERIAL
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the unlinkEntityFromTicket mutation.
"""
input UnlinkEntityFromTicketMutationInput {
  """The entity type to unlink."""
  linked_entityable_type: TicketLinkableEntityType!

  """The entity ID to unlink."""
  linked_entityable_id: Int64Bit!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountActivationDate mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountActivationDateMutationInput {
  """The date an account was first activated."""
  activation_date: Date!

  """The time an account was first activated."""
  activation_time: Time

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountAdtranMosaicServiceDetail mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountAdtranMosaicServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic content provider."""
  uplink_content_provider_name: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic uplink inner tag vlan."""
  uplink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic uplink outer tag vlan."""
  uplink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink interface."""
  downlink_interface_name: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink inner tag vlan."""
  downlink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the Adtran Mosaic downlink outer tag vlan."""
  downlink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `uplink_content_provider_name` to null.
  """
  unset_uplink_content_provider_name: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `uplink_inner_tag_vlan` to null."""
  unset_uplink_inner_tag_vlan: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `uplink_outer_tag_vlan` to null."""
  unset_uplink_outer_tag_vlan: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `downlink_interface_name` to null.
  """
  unset_downlink_interface_name: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `downlink_inner_tag_vlan` to null.
  """
  unset_downlink_inner_tag_vlan: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `downlink_outer_tag_vlan` to null.
  """
  unset_downlink_outer_tag_vlan: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountBillingParameter mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountBillingParameterMutationInput {
  """
  The next date this service will bill. If this is null, it will bill on the next account billing date.
  """
  next_bill_date: Date

  """The day that billing runs."""
  bill_day: Int

  """The number of days after the invoice date that it is due."""
  due_days: Int

  """
  The number of days after the invoice due date that the invoice is marked delinquent.
  """
  grace_days: Int

  """
  A temporary override that stops the account becoming delinquent until this date.
  """
  grace_until: Date

  """
  The number of days after `auto_pay_day` that autopay runs for an invoice.
  """
  auto_pay_days: Int

  """The number of months to bill at a time."""
  months_to_bill: Int

  """Whether or not this account is tax exempt."""
  tax_exempt: Boolean

  """The type of bill this account receives."""
  bill_mode: BillMode

  """Whether this account receives a printed invoice."""
  print_invoice: Boolean

  """
  The day that automatic billing invoices are generated for. If this is `null`, then `bill_day` is used.
  """
  invoice_day: Int

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether
  `auto_pay_days` is calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  auto_pay_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether `due_days` is
  calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  due_days_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  Whether or not this account should be moved into another status after being delinquent for a preset period.
  """
  switch_status_after_delinquency: Boolean

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the number of
  days of delinquency to allow before the status switch.
  """
  days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch: Int

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is true, this is the account status that
  the account will be moved into after `days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch`
  days of delinquency.
  """
  delinquency_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the status the
  account will be moved back into if delinquency is cleared while the account is
  set to the `delinquency_account_status_id` account status.
  """
  delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not changing an account bill day is prorated by default."""
  prorate: Boolean

  """
  Whether the account bill and invoice day are fixed, the account activation day
  is used as bill day, or the account activation day is used as the invoice day.
  """
  bill_day_mode: BillDayModeOption

  """
  Whether or not this account participates in the federal Lifeline program.
  """
  lifeline: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to aggregate invoice taxes instead of printing with each charge.
  """
  aggregate_invoice_taxes: Boolean

  """Whether or not to aggregate linked debits on Anchor invoices."""
  aggregate_linked_debits: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `invoice_day` to null."""
  unset_invoice_day: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `grace_until` to null."""
  unset_grace_until: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `delinquency_removal_account_status_id` to null.
  """
  unset_delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountCalixServiceDetail mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountCalixServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """VLAN."""
  vlan: String

  """C-VLAN."""
  cvlan: Int64Bit

  """Global VLAN."""
  global_vlan: String

  """Policy Map."""
  policy_map: String

  """ONT Port ID."""
  ont_port_id: String

  """Custom JSON."""
  custom_json: String

  """Use Custom JSON."""
  use_custom_json: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `vlan` to null."""
  unset_vlan: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `cvlan` to null."""
  unset_cvlan: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `global_vlan` to null."""
  unset_global_vlan: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `policy_map` to null."""
  unset_policy_map: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ont_port_id` to null."""
  unset_ont_port_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `custom_json` to null."""
  unset_custom_json: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountGroup mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountGroupMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccount mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of an AccountStatus."""
  account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the serviceable address to use for this account."""
  serviceable_address_id: Int64Bit

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If you are changing the account status from an active status to an inactive
  status, this allows you to override the system default proration policy, if
  you have the appropriate permissions.
  """
  prorate: Boolean

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `serviceable_address_id` to null.
  """
  unset_serviceable_address_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountService mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountServiceMutationInput {
  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int

  """
  The amount that this service price has been overridden to. If this is null, then the service price is used.
  """
  price_override: Int

  """The reason that the price of a service has been overridden."""
  price_override_reason: String

  """
  Overriding the service name will alter the service name printed on an invoice.
  """
  name_override: String

  """
  The next date this service will bill. If this is null, it will bill on the next account billing date.
  """
  next_bill_date: Date

  """
  Service metadata allows you to store individualized information about a
  service, as it relates to a specific account. For example, on a domain renewal
  service, you could store the domain name as metadata.
  """
  service_metadata: [AccountServiceMetadataMutationInput]

  """
  Unset the values inside service metadata fields for this `AccountService`.
  """
  unset_service_metadata: [Int64Bit]

  """Whether or not to prorate the transaction."""
  prorate: Boolean

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """
  The number of billing cycles that have already been consumed by this
  particular service. This is only used for expiring services. NOTE: Typically
  this is the number of times billed but the value may be modified manually to
  adjust service expiration. See also the the `ExpiringServiceDetail`
  `times_to_run` field.
  """
  number_of_times_billed: Int

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `price_override` to null."""
  unset_price_override: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `name_override` to null."""
  unset_name_override: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `next_bill_date` to null."""
  unset_next_bill_date: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountStatus mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountStatusMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this status activates the account."""
  activates_account: Boolean

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountType mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """The type."""
  type: AccountTypeEnum

  """The ID of an `InvoiceMessage`."""
  invoice_message_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `invoice_message_id` to null."""
  unset_invoice_message_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAccountVoiceServiceDetail mutation.
"""
input UpdateAccountVoiceServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int

  """
  The amount that this service price has been overridden to. If this is null, then the service price is used.
  """
  price_override: Int

  """The reason that the price of a service has been overridden."""
  price_override_reason: String

  """Whether or not to prorate the transaction."""
  prorate: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `price_override` to null."""
  unset_price_override: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `price_override_reason` to null."""
  unset_price_override_reason: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAddressList mutation.
"""
input UpdateAddressListMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  The types of account statuses for accounts that are part of this grouping.
  """
  account_status: AddressListAccountStatus

  """The delinquency state for accounts that are part of this grouping."""
  delinquency: AddressListDelinquency

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountStatus`es."""
  account_status_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of data `Service`s."""
  data_service_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A list of IDs of `UsageBasedBillingPolicy` objects."""
  usage_based_billing_policy_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAddressStatus mutation.
"""
input UpdateAddressStatusMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAdjustmentService mutation.
"""
input UpdateAdjustmentServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """
  The amount that can be adjusted using this service within the period defined in `adjustment_service_days`.
  """
  amount: Int

  """
  The period of time in which transactions are tracked to calculate against the
  total defined in `adjustment_service_amount`.
  """
  days: Int

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The IDs of `Role`s that are allowed to use this adjustment service."""
  role_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `tax_definition_id` to null."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `reverse_tax_definition_id` to null.
  """
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `amount` to null."""
  unset_amount: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `days` to null."""
  unset_days: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAdtranMosaicAudit mutation.
"""
input UpdateAdtranMosaicAuditMutationInput {
  """is_visible of the information"""
  is_visible: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAdtranMosaicSetting mutation.
"""
input UpdateAdtranMosaicSettingMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The base API URL."""
  api_url: String

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """Whether or not to suspend unattached services."""
  auto_suspend_unattached_services: Boolean

  """Controls if Sonar should add SMx device alarms to inventory item logs"""
  alarms_create_logs: Boolean

  """Controls if Sonar updates the ICMP device status from SMx alarms"""
  alarms_change_device_status: Boolean

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic content provider."""
  default_uplink_content_provider_name: String

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic uplink inner tag vlan."""
  default_uplink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic uplink outer tag vlan."""
  default_uplink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink interface."""
  default_downlink_interface_name: String

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink inner tag vlan."""
  default_downlink_inner_tag_vlan: String

  """The name of the default Adtran Mosaic downlink outer tag vlan."""
  default_downlink_outer_tag_vlan: String

  """Whether or not commercial account type suspends."""
  commercial_delinquency_suspends: Boolean

  """Whether or not government account type suspends."""
  government_delinquency_suspends: Boolean

  """Whether or not residential account type suspends."""
  residential_delinquency_suspends: Boolean

  """Whether or not senior citizen account type suspends."""
  senior_citizen_delinquency_suspends: Boolean

  """Whether or not industrial account type suspends."""
  industrial_delinquency_suspends: Boolean

  """Commercial account type delinquency profile vector."""
  commercial_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Government account type delinquency profile vector."""
  government_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Residential account type delinquency profile vector."""
  residential_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Senior citizen account type delinquency profile vector."""
  senior_citizen_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Industrial account type delinquency profile vector."""
  industrial_delinquency_profile_vector: String

  """Bounce ports enable profile."""
  bounce_ports_enable_profile: String

  """Bounce ports disable profile."""
  bounce_ports_disable_profile: String

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]

  """An entity which maps a service to Adtran Mosaic specific items."""
  integration_service_mappings: [IntegrationServiceMappingAdtranMosaicInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `commercial_delinquency_profile_vector` to null.
  """
  unset_commercial_delinquency_profile_vector: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `government_delinquency_profile_vector` to null.
  """
  unset_government_delinquency_profile_vector: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `residential_delinquency_profile_vector` to null.
  """
  unset_residential_delinquency_profile_vector: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `senior_citizen_delinquency_profile_vector` to null.
  """
  unset_senior_citizen_delinquency_profile_vector: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `industrial_delinquency_profile_vector` to null.
  """
  unset_industrial_delinquency_profile_vector: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAlertingRotationDay mutation.
"""
input UpdateAlertingRotationDayMutationInput {
  """The alerting rotation ID."""
  alerting_rotation_id: Int64Bit

  """A day."""
  day: Day

  """The start time for the day."""
  start_time: Time

  """The end time for the day."""
  end_time: Time

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAlertingRotation mutation.
"""
input UpdateAlertingRotationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The start."""
  start: Date

  """The number of times this repeats."""
  repetitions: Int

  """The number of weeks between repetitions."""
  weeks_between_repetitions: Int

  """Whether this repeats forever or not."""
  infinite_repetitions: Boolean

  """
  The number of minutes a device can be in a warning state before generating alert.
  """
  warning_time_in_minutes_before_alerting: Int

  """
  The number of minutes a device can remain in a warning state before sending a repeat alert.
  """
  warning_time_in_minutes_before_repeat: Int

  """
  The number of minutes a device can be in a down state before generating alert.
  """
  down_time_in_minutes_before_alerting: Int

  """
  The number of minutes a device can remain in a down state before sending a repeat alert.
  """
  down_time_in_minutes_before_repeat: Int

  """Whether to include all account equipment in this rotation."""
  all_accounts: Boolean

  """Whether to include all network site equipment in this rotation."""
  all_network_sites: Boolean

  """Whether to include all inventory models in this rotation."""
  all_inventory_models: Boolean

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `NetworkSite`s."""
  network_site_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `InventoryModel`s."""
  inventory_model_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `repetitions` to null."""
  unset_repetitions: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateApplicationFirewallRule mutation.
"""
input UpdateApplicationFirewallRuleMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAuthenticationFactor mutation.
"""
input UpdateAuthenticationFactorMutationInput {
  """The configuration data of the authentication factor."""
  data: Text
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAuthProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateAuthProviderMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateAvalaraTaxDefinition mutation.
"""
input UpdateAvalaraTaxDefinitionMutationInput {
  """The service name as defined by Avalara."""
  service_name: String

  """The service type as defined by Avalara."""
  service_type: Int

  """Whether or not this entity is archived."""
  archived: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateBankAccount mutation.
"""
input UpdateBankAccountMutationInput {
  """The name on the account."""
  name_on_account: String

  """The type of bank account this is."""
  bank_account_type: BankAccountType

  """Whether or not this payment method is enabled for automatic payments."""
  auto: Boolean

  """The billing address for the payment method."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateBankAccountProcessor mutation.
"""
input UpdateBankAccountProcessorMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not this is the primary provider to use when transacting against newly added bank accounts.
  """
  primary: Boolean

  """
  The credentials to use to authenticate against the bank account provider.
  """
  bank_account_processor_credentials: [BankAccountProcessorCredentialInput]

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateBillingDefault mutation.
"""
input UpdateBillingDefaultLinkedInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not to use a fixed bill day, versus anniversary day billing. Use `bill_day_mode` for further customization.
  """
  fixed_bill_day: Boolean

  """The day that billing runs."""
  bill_day: Int

  """The number of days after the invoice date that it is due."""
  due_days: Int

  """
  The number of days after the invoice due date that the invoice is marked delinquent.
  """
  grace_days: Int

  """
  The number of days after `auto_pay_day` that autopay runs for an invoice.
  """
  auto_pay_days: Int

  """The number of months to bill at a time."""
  months_to_bill: Int

  """Whether or not this account is tax exempt."""
  tax_exempt: Boolean

  """The type of bill this account receives."""
  bill_mode: BillMode

  """Whether this account receives a printed invoice."""
  print_invoice: Boolean

  """
  The day that automatic billing invoices are generated for. If this is `null`, then `bill_day` is used.
  """
  invoice_day: Int

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether
  `auto_pay_days` is calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  auto_pay_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether `due_days` is
  calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  due_days_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  Whether or not this account should be moved into another status after being delinquent for a preset period.
  """
  switch_status_after_delinquency: Boolean

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the number of
  days of delinquency to allow before the status switch.
  """
  days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch: Int

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is true, this is the account status that
  the account will be moved into after `days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch`
  days of delinquency.
  """
  delinquency_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the status the
  account will be moved back into if delinquency is cleared while the account is
  set to the `delinquency_account_status_id` account status.
  """
  delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether the account bill and invoice day are fixed, the account activation day
  is used as bill day, or the account activation day is used as the invoice day.
  """
  bill_day_mode: BillDayModeOption

  """
  Whether or not this account participates in the federal Lifeline program.
  """
  lifeline: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to aggregate invoice taxes instead of printing with each charge.
  """
  aggregate_invoice_taxes: Boolean

  """
  Determines if delinquency settings on an Anchor default is applied only to the
  Anchor account or the Linked accounts as well.
  """
  anchor_delinquency_logic: AnchorDelinquencyLogic

  """
  Services specific to a Linked billing default. Includes the service, name
  override, price override, and anchor allowance of each.
  """
  billing_services: [BillingServiceMutationInput]

  """Whether or not to aggregate linked debits on Anchor invoices."""
  aggregate_linked_debits: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `account_type_id` to null."""
  unset_account_type_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `bill_day` to null."""
  unset_bill_day: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `invoice_day` to null."""
  unset_invoice_day: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `delinquency_removal_account_status_id` to null.
  """
  unset_delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateBillingDefault mutation.
"""
input UpdateBillingDefaultMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not to use a fixed bill day, versus anniversary day billing. Use `bill_day_mode` for further customization.
  """
  fixed_bill_day: Boolean

  """The day that billing runs."""
  bill_day: Int

  """The number of days after the invoice date that it is due."""
  due_days: Int

  """
  The number of days after the invoice due date that the invoice is marked delinquent.
  """
  grace_days: Int

  """
  The number of days after `auto_pay_day` that autopay runs for an invoice.
  """
  auto_pay_days: Int

  """The number of months to bill at a time."""
  months_to_bill: Int

  """Whether or not this account is tax exempt."""
  tax_exempt: Boolean

  """The type of bill this account receives."""
  bill_mode: BillMode

  """Whether this account receives a printed invoice."""
  print_invoice: Boolean

  """
  The day that automatic billing invoices are generated for. If this is `null`, then `bill_day` is used.
  """
  invoice_day: Int

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether
  `auto_pay_days` is calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  auto_pay_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  If `invoice_day` is not null, this allows you to select whether `due_days` is
  calculated from the billing day, or the invoice day.
  """
  due_days_day: BillingParameterDayOption

  """
  Whether or not this account should be moved into another status after being delinquent for a preset period.
  """
  switch_status_after_delinquency: Boolean

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the number of
  days of delinquency to allow before the status switch.
  """
  days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch: Int

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is true, this is the account status that
  the account will be moved into after `days_of_delinquency_for_status_switch`
  days of delinquency.
  """
  delinquency_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If `switch_status_after_delinquency` is `true`, then this is the status the
  account will be moved back into if delinquency is cleared while the account is
  set to the `delinquency_account_status_id` account status.
  """
  delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether the account bill and invoice day are fixed, the account activation day
  is used as bill day, or the account activation day is used as the invoice day.
  """
  bill_day_mode: BillDayModeOption

  """
  Whether or not this account participates in the federal Lifeline program.
  """
  lifeline: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to aggregate invoice taxes instead of printing with each charge.
  """
  aggregate_invoice_taxes: Boolean

  """
  Determines if delinquency settings on an Anchor default is applied only to the
  Anchor account or the Linked accounts as well.
  """
  anchor_delinquency_logic: AnchorDelinquencyLogic

  """
  Services specific to a Linked billing default. Includes the service, name
  override, price override, and anchor allowance of each.
  """
  billing_services: [BillingServiceMutationInput]

  """Whether or not to aggregate linked debits on Anchor invoices."""
  aggregate_linked_debits: Boolean

  """The linked billing defaults for the anchor."""
  linked_billing_default: UpdateBillingDefaultLinkedInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `account_type_id` to null."""
  unset_account_type_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `bill_day` to null."""
  unset_bill_day: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `invoice_day` to null."""
  unset_invoice_day: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `delinquency_removal_account_status_id` to null.
  """
  unset_delinquency_removal_account_status_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateBillingSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateBillingSettingsMutationInput {
  """Whether or not service addition and removal is prorated by default."""
  prorate_services: Boolean

  """Whether or not service quantity changes are prorated by default."""
  prorate_service_quantity: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not changing the status from an active to inactive status is prorated by default.
  """
  prorate_account_status_change: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not an account going delinquent or no longer delinquent is prorated by default.
  """
  prorate_account_delinquency_status_change: Boolean

  """Whether or not changing an account bill day is prorated by default."""
  prorate_billing_day_change: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to round prorated transactions to the nearest major unit (e.g. to the nearest dollar, euro, pound, etc.)
  """
  round_prorated_amounts: Boolean

  """The date that the accounting period was closed."""
  accounting_period_close_date: Date

  """How often the accounting period automatically closes."""
  accounting_period_auto_close: AccountingPeriodCloseOption

  """Monday."""
  delinquency_check_day_monday: Boolean

  """Tuesday."""
  delinquency_check_day_tuesday: Boolean

  """Wednesday."""
  delinquency_check_day_wednesday: Boolean

  """Thursday."""
  delinquency_check_day_thursday: Boolean

  """Friday."""
  delinquency_check_day_friday: Boolean

  """Saturday."""
  delinquency_check_day_saturday: Boolean

  """Sunday."""
  delinquency_check_day_sunday: Boolean

  """The smallest credit card payment amount allowed."""
  minimum_credit_card_payment: Int

  """The smallest bank account payment amount allowed."""
  minimum_bank_account_payment: Int

  """
  The minimum account an invoice must be delinquent for before being flagged delinquent.
  """
  minimum_amount_due_for_delinquency: Int

  """Whether or not to delete expired credit cards from Sonar."""
  delete_expired_credit_cards: Boolean

  """
  Whether the automatic payment process should just run the invoice amount, or the entire amount due on the account.
  """
  autopay_runs_entire_amount_due: Boolean

  """The number of times to attempt a credit card automatic payment."""
  autopay_credit_card_attempts: Int

  """The number of days between retries for credit card automatic payments."""
  autopay_credit_card_retry_interval_in_days: Int

  """The number of times to attempt a bank account automatic payment."""
  autopay_bank_account_attempts: Int

  """
  The number of days between retries for bank account automatic payments.
  """
  autopay_bank_account_retry_interval_in_days: Int

  """Autopay the initial invoice."""
  autopay_initial_invoice: Boolean

  """The number of days between invoice date and the Autopay date."""
  autopay_initial_invoice_days: Int64Bit

  """Autopay the account disconnect invoice."""
  autopay_disconnect_invoice: Boolean

  """The number of days between invoice date and the Autopay date."""
  autopay_disconnect_invoice_days: Int

  """Whether or not the daily billing process is enabled."""
  daily_billing: Boolean

  """
  The service ID of a one time `Service` to charge for accounts with
  `print_invoice` enabled in their `AccountBillingParameter`.
  """
  printed_invoice_fee_service_id: Int64Bit

  """The `AccountStatus` for disconnected accounts."""
  disconnect_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not to apply a late fee to past due invoices."""
  apply_late_fees: Boolean

  """Whether late fees should be applied to child invoices."""
  apply_late_fees_to_child_invoices: Boolean

  """
  Whether to invoice and email late fees immediately, or add them to the next invoice.
  """
  invoice_and_email_late_fees_immediately: Boolean

  """Whether to exclude inactive accounts from late fee application."""
  exclude_inactive_accounts_from_late_fees: Boolean

  """The ID of a one time `Service` to use for late fee application."""
  late_fee_service_id: Int64Bit

  """The mode for late fee application."""
  late_fee_mode: LateFeeMode

  """
  If late fees are applied as a percentage, the percentage of the past due balance to apply.
  """
  late_fee_percentage: Float

  """
  The minimum amount an invoice must be past due for a late fee to be applied.
  """
  late_fee_minimum_delinquency_amount: Int

  """
  The number of days after the due date on a delinquent invoice for a late fee to be applied.
  """
  days_after_invoice_due_for_late_fee_application: Int

  """Accounts of these types will be excluded from late fee application."""
  account_type_ids_to_exclude_from_late_fees: [Int64Bit]

  """
  Generate an invoice on an account when it is first activated, if there are any uninvoiced debits.
  """
  generate_invoice_on_initial_activation: Boolean

  """Always round taxes up."""
  always_round_taxes_up: Boolean

  """Printed invoice batch duplex."""
  printed_invoice_batch_duplex: Boolean

  """Use modular invoice templates for all invoices."""
  use_invoice_templates: Boolean

  """Whether or not to include late fee invoices in printed batches."""
  include_late_fee_invoices_in_printed_batches: Boolean

  """The `AccountStatus` for unarchived accounts."""
  unarchive_account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `printed_invoice_fee_service_id` to null.
  """
  unset_printed_invoice_fee_service_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `unarchive_account_status_id` to null.
  """
  unset_unarchive_account_status_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCableModemProvisioner mutation.
"""
input UpdateCableModemProvisionerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The cable modem provisioner hostname or IP address."""
  hostname: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Credentials for a cable modem provisioner."""
  cable_modem_provisioner_credentials: [CableModemAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCalendarIcal mutation.
"""
input UpdateCalendarIcalMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `name` to null."""
  unset_name: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCalendarSystemSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateCalendarSystemSettingsMutationInput {
  """If enabled allow external calendar integrations to sync."""
  calendar_allow_external_sync: Boolean

  """
  Number of months to sync calendar history, 0-3 allowed.  Future will always sync.
  """
  calendar_history_sync_maximum: Int
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCalixCloudSetting mutation.
"""
input UpdateCalixCloudSettingMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The Auth0 client ID."""
  client_id: String

  """The Auth0 client secret."""
  client_secret: String

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field1."""
  subscriber_field1_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field2."""
  subscriber_field2_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field3."""
  subscriber_field3_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field4."""
  subscriber_field4_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `CustomField` that will map to Calix subscriber field5."""
  subscriber_field5_id: Int64Bit

  """The area type to be used for the region."""
  subscriber_region: CalixSubscriberAreaType

  """The area type to be used for the location."""
  subscriber_location: CalixSubscriberAreaType

  """An array of Calix service group definitions."""
  service_group_tiers: Text

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_field1_id` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_field1_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_field2_id` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_field2_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_field3_id` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_field3_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_field4_id` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_field4_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_field5_id` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_field5_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_region` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_region: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subscriber_location` to null."""
  unset_subscriber_location: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `service_group_tiers` to null."""
  unset_service_group_tiers: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCalixIntegration mutation.
"""
input UpdateCalixIntegrationMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """Subscriber organization ID to use for integration"""
  org_id: String

  """
  The URL of the SMx server including the SMx API port, eg. mysmx.org:18443 (SMx uses 18443 as the default API port)
  """
  smx_url: String

  """The basic auth credentials to use with SMx, username:password"""
  smx_credentials: String

  """The software version of SMx that will be used in integration"""
  smx_version: CalixIntegrationVersion

  """
  An entity which maps an inventory model field to a vendor specific integration field type (ie serial number)
  """
  integration_field_mappings: [IntegrationFieldMappingInput]

  """An entity which maps a service to a vendor specific service name"""
  integration_service_mappings: [IntegrationServiceMappingInput]

  """Controls if Sonar should add SMx device alarms to inventory item logs"""
  alarms_create_logs: Boolean

  """Controls if Sonar updates the ICMP device status from SMx alarms"""
  alarms_change_device_status: Boolean

  """
  Controls if Sonar updates the inventory item's soft IP address from SMx DHCP lease alarms.
  """
  alarms_update_ip_assignment: Boolean

  """
  Controls whether to turn on synchronization of Calix ONTs and Subscribers, from Sonar Inventory Items and Accounts.
  """
  enable_ont_synchronization: Boolean

  """
  Disable, pause, then re-enable Calix ONT ports after creating or removing
  service.  Recommended for deployments using DHCP within SMx.
  """
  bounce_ports: Boolean

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a residential account becomes delinquent.
  """
  residential_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a commercial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  commercial_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a government account becomes delinquent.
  """
  government_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a residential account becomes delinquent.
  """
  residential_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a commercial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  commercial_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a government account becomes delinquent.
  """
  government_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when an industrial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  industrial_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when an industrial account becomes delinquent.
  """
  industrial_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  The Calix service template name to use when a senior citizen account becomes delinquent.
  """
  senior_citizen_delinquency_service_template: String

  """
  The Calix policy map name to use when a senior citizen account becomes delinquent.
  """
  senior_citizen_delinquency_policy_map: String

  """
  Whether or not a default Calix service detail record is created when integration service added.
  """
  create_default_service_detail: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `residential_delinquency_service_template` to null.
  """
  unset_residential_delinquency_service_template: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `commercial_delinquency_service_template` to null.
  """
  unset_commercial_delinquency_service_template: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `government_delinquency_service_template` to null.
  """
  unset_government_delinquency_service_template: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `industrial_delinquency_service_template` to null.
  """
  unset_industrial_delinquency_service_template: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `senior_citizen_delinquency_service_template` to null.
  """
  unset_senior_citizen_delinquency_service_template: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `residential_delinquency_policy_map` to null.
  """
  unset_residential_delinquency_policy_map: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `commercial_delinquency_policy_map` to null.
  """
  unset_commercial_delinquency_policy_map: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `government_delinquency_policy_map` to null.
  """
  unset_government_delinquency_policy_map: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `industrial_delinquency_policy_map` to null.
  """
  unset_industrial_delinquency_policy_map: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `senior_citizen_delinquency_policy_map` to null.
  """
  unset_senior_citizen_delinquency_policy_map: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCallDetailRecord mutation.
"""
input UpdateCallDetailRecordMutationInput {
  """The DID that initiated the call."""
  originating_number: String

  """The DID that received the call."""
  receiving_number: String

  """When the call was started."""
  started_at: Datetime

  """The total length of the call in seconds."""
  length_in_seconds: Int
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCallLog mutation.
"""
input UpdateCallLogMutationInput {
  """The subject."""
  subject: String

  """The body."""
  body: Text

  """The time in seconds."""
  time_in_seconds: Int

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCannedReplyCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateCannedReplyCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCannedReply mutation.
"""
input UpdateCannedReplyMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The body."""
  body: Text

  """The ID of a `CannedReplyCategory`."""
  canned_reply_category_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCompany mutation.
"""
input UpdateCompanyMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The address of the company website."""
  website_address: URL

  """A telephone number."""
  phone_number: Numeric

  """The primary color to use in Sonar."""
  primary_color: HtmlHexColor

  """The secondary color to use in Sonar."""
  secondary_color: HtmlHexColor

  """Whether or not this entity is a default entry."""
  default: Boolean

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """
  A tax identification number. Should only be entered if you are required to
  share some type of tax identification information with your customers.
  """
  tax_identification: String

  """Whether or not to include a detachable remittance slip on the invoice."""
  show_remittance_slip: Boolean

  """On an enabled remittance slip, who should checks be made payable to?"""
  checks_payable_to: String

  """
  The address shown on the invoice, and on the remittance slip, if it is enabled.
  """
  address: UpdateOrCreateAddressMutationInput

  """
  The IDs of `CustomField`s that should be displayed on invoices. A maximum of 3
  fields can be selected, and they must all be associated with `Account`s.
  """
  custom_field_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The URL to your customer portal."""
  customer_portal_url: URL

  """The ISP type of this `Company`."""
  isp_type: IspType

  """Departments."""
  departments: [CompanyDepartmentInput]

  """
  The daily start time of the period during which billing communication e.g. new
  invoices, delinquency, etc. will not be sent.
  """
  billing_communication_delay_start_local_time: Time

  """
  The daily end time of the period during which billing communication e.g. new invoices, delinquency, etc. will not be sent.
  """
  billing_communication_delay_end_local_time: Time

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `tax_identification` to null."""
  unset_tax_identification: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `checks_payable_to` to null."""
  unset_checks_payable_to: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `customer_portal_url` to null."""
  unset_customer_portal_url: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `isp_type` to null."""
  unset_isp_type: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `website_address` to null."""
  unset_website_address: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `phone_number` to null."""
  unset_phone_number: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `billing_communication_delay_start_local_time` to null.
  """
  unset_billing_communication_delay_start_local_time: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `billing_communication_delay_end_local_time` to null.
  """
  unset_billing_communication_delay_end_local_time: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateContact mutation.
"""
input UpdateContactMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The role of the contact, e.g. "CEO" or "Network Engineer"."""
  role: String

  """An email address."""
  email_address: EmailAddress

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  message_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  email_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Make this the new primary contact."""
  become_primary: Boolean

  """A supported language."""
  language: Language

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """Whether or not marketing messages accepted."""
  marketing_opt_in: Boolean

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `email_address` to null."""
  unset_email_address: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `role` to null."""
  unset_role: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `username` to null."""
  unset_username: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateContract mutation.
"""
input UpdateContractMutationInput {
  """The custom message."""
  custom_message: Text

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `custom_message` to null."""
  unset_custom_message: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateContractTemplate mutation.
"""
input UpdateContractTemplateMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The body."""
  body: Text

  """The term in months."""
  term_in_months: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `term_in_months` to null."""
  unset_term_in_months: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ticket_group_id` to null."""
  unset_ticket_group_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCreditCard mutation.
"""
input UpdateCreditCardMutationInput {
  """The name on the credit card."""
  name_on_card: String

  """The month the credit card expires."""
  expiration_month: Int

  """The year the credit card expires."""
  expiration_year: Int

  """Whether or not this payment method is enabled for automatic payments."""
  auto: Boolean

  """The billing address for the payment method."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCreditCardProcessor mutation.
"""
input UpdateCreditCardProcessorMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Whether or not this is the primary type of entity."""
  primary: Boolean

  """
  A list of credentials for the provider. Check the enum
  `CreditCardProviderCredential` - all values that begin with the same string as
  the `CreditCardProvider` entered in the `provider` field must be included.
  """
  credit_card_processor_credentials: [CreditCardProcessorCredentialInput]

  """Enable VISA Electron transactions."""
  visaelectron: Boolean

  """Enable Maestro transactions."""
  maestro: Boolean

  """Enable Forbrugsforeningen transactions."""
  forbrugsforeningen: Boolean

  """Enable Dankort transactions."""
  dankort: Boolean

  """Enable VISA transactions."""
  visa: Boolean = true

  """Enable Mastercard transactions."""
  mastercard: Boolean

  """Enable American Express transactions."""
  amex: Boolean

  """Enable Diners Club transactions."""
  dinersclub: Boolean

  """Enable Discover transactions."""
  discover: Boolean

  """Enable UnionPay transactions."""
  unionpay: Boolean

  """Enable JCB transactions."""
  jcb: Boolean

  """
  Enables processor specific `Mail Or Telephone Order` functionality. Currently only applicable for `Stripe`.
  """
  moto_enabled: Boolean

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCustomField mutation.
"""
input UpdateCustomFieldMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  Whether or not the value of this custom field must be unique throughout the system.
  """
  unique: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not this custom field must be filled in upon creation of an entity.
  """
  required: Boolean

  """
  A list of values that are valid for this field, if this is a TEXT field. If
  this is empty, and the field is a TEXT type, then any value will be allowed.
  """
  enum_options: [String]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateCustomLink mutation.
"""
input UpdateCustomLinkMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A title that will be displayed for this item."""
  label: String

  """The URL to navigate to."""
  url: String

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  icon_color: HtmlHexColor

  """The model."""
  model: CustomLinkModel

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `label` to null."""
  unset_label: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `icon_color` to null."""
  unset_icon_color: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDataService mutation.
"""
input UpdateDataServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """The download speed of the service in kilobits per second."""
  download_speed_kilobits_per_second: Int

  """The upload speed of the service in kilobits per second."""
  upload_speed_kilobits_per_second: Int

  """
  The FCC technology code for the service. Only relevant to US ISPs filing FCC Form 477.
  """
  technology_code: TechnologyCode

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  The global service profile name for this service if using Telrad provisioning.
  """
  telrad_global_service_profile_name: String

  """The ID of a `UsageBasedBillingPolicy`."""
  usage_based_billing_policy_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `usage_based_billing_policy_id` to null.
  """
  unset_usage_based_billing_policy_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `telrad_global_service_profile_name` to null.
  """
  unset_telrad_global_service_profile_name: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDataUsageHistory mutation.
"""
input UpdateDataUsageHistoryMutationInput {
  """The total billable inbound data in bytes."""
  billable_in_bytes: Int64Bit

  """The total billable outbound data in bytes."""
  billable_out_bytes: Int64Bit

  """The total free inbound data in bytes."""
  free_in_bytes: Int64Bit

  """The total free outbound data in bytes."""
  free_out_bytes: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateDebit mutation."""
input UpdateDebitMutationInput {
  """A description for the transaction."""
  description: String

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `description` to null."""
  unset_description: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDelinquencyExclusion mutation.
"""
input UpdateDelinquencyExclusionMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The day that this exclusion covers."""
  day: Int

  """The month that this exclusion covers."""
  month: Int

  """The year that this exclusion covers."""
  year: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `year` to null."""
  unset_year: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDepartment mutation.
"""
input UpdateDepartmentMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDeploymentType mutation.
"""
input UpdateDeploymentTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of a `NetworkMonitoringTemplate`."""
  network_monitoring_template_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `network_monitoring_template_id` to null.
  """
  unset_network_monitoring_template_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDepositSlip mutation.
"""
input UpdateDepositSlipMutationInput {
  """A date"""
  date: Date

  """The bank account name/number"""
  bank_account_line: String

  """The memo."""
  memo: Text

  """The payment IDs."""
  payment_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A single file to associate with this object. Any existing file will be overwritten.
  """
  file: AssociateFileMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `memo` to null."""
  unset_memo: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDhcpServerIdentifier mutation.
"""
input UpdateDhcpServerIdentifierMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDhcpServer mutation.
"""
input UpdateDhcpServerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean = true

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip_address: IP

  """A TCP port."""
  port: Port

  """Does this `DhcpServer` provide DHCP for all IP pools?"""
  serves_all_pools: Boolean

  """
  If this is `true`, then Sonar will use the MAC address of the DHCP relay
  rather than the MAC address of the requesting device when writing a lease.
  This should generally be disabled unless you have a specific reason to enable it.
  """
  use_source_mac_address: Boolean = false

  """Credentials for the `DhcpServer.`"""
  dhcp_server_credentials: [DhcpServerAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDidAssignment mutation.
"""
input UpdateDidAssignmentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a Service."""
  service_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `service_id` to null."""
  unset_service_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateDid mutation."""
input UpdateDidMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `RateCenter`."""
  rate_center_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDiscount mutation.
"""
input UpdateDiscountMutationInput {
  """A description for the transaction."""
  description: String

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `description` to null."""
  unset_description: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateDrivers mutation.
"""
input UpdateDriversMutationInput {
  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateEmailCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateEmailCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  If this is `true`, then any contacts created will have this category associated with them by default.
  """
  default: Boolean

  """If `true`, this category will be added to all existing contacts."""
  apply_to_existing_contacts: Boolean

  """
  If `true`, this category will be removed from all existing contacts. Ignored if apply_to_existing_contacts is `true`
  """
  remove_from_existing_contacts: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateEmailMessageContent mutation.
"""
input UpdateEmailMessageContentMutationInput {
  """A supported language."""
  language: Language

  """
  A short sentence that will be shown as a preview in compatible email clients.
  """
  inbox_preview: String

  """The subject."""
  subject: String

  """The body."""
  body: Text

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `inbox_preview` to null."""
  unset_inbox_preview: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateEmailMessage mutation.
"""
input UpdateEmailMessageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  The name to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_name: String

  """
  The email address to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_email_address: EmailAddress

  """ID of the Saved Message Category."""
  saved_message_category_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `saved_message_category_id` to null.
  """
  unset_saved_message_category_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateEntityCustomFields mutation.
"""
input UpdateEntityCustomFieldsMutationInput {
  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateEpc mutation."""
input UpdateEpcMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The identifier used by the EPC, this is typically numeric."""
  identifier: String

  """IDs of `IpPool`s."""
  ip_pool_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateExpiringService mutation.
"""
input UpdateExpiringServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this entity is active."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The number of times this expiring service should run."""
  times_to_run: Int

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateExternalMarketingProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateExternalMarketingProviderMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """
  The credentials to use to authenticate against the external marketing provider.
  """
  external_marketing_provider_credentials: [ExternalMarketingProviderCredentialInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateFibermapIntegration mutation.
"""
input UpdateFibermapIntegrationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An API token."""
  api_token: String

  """Import serviceable addresses"""
  import_serviceable_addresses: Boolean

  """Import plans and contacts"""
  import_accounts_and_contacts: Boolean

  """Always create new network sites"""
  always_create_new_network_sites: Boolean

  """Allow serviceability status to be read from map features"""
  read_serviceability_from_features: Boolean

  """Update service locations in Vetro Fibermap"""
  update_service_locations: Boolean

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of an AccountStatus."""
  account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateFibermapPlan mutation.
"""
input UpdateFibermapPlanMutationInput {
  """is_visible of the information"""
  is_visible: Boolean

  """Network site id."""
  unset_network_site_id: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateFibermapServiceLocation mutation.
"""
input UpdateFibermapServiceLocationMutationInput {
  """is_visible of the information"""
  is_visible: Boolean

  """The ID of the address."""
  unset_address_id: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateFile mutation."""
input UpdateFileMutationInput {
  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """
  An image file may be set to the primary image. This will be used as the
  displayed image for the object that this file is associated to throughout Sonar.
  """
  primary_image: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `description` to null."""
  unset_description: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGeneralLedgerCode mutation.
"""
input UpdateGeneralLedgerCodeMutationInput {
  """
  A code for this general ledger code. This is typically numeric, but does not have to be.
  """
  code: String

  """
  A human readable description for this general ledger code (e.g. Internet Services.)
  """
  description: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGenericInventoryAssignee mutation.
"""
input UpdateGenericInventoryAssigneeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGeofence mutation.
"""
input UpdateGeofenceMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A collection of points that makes up a polygon."""
  vertexes: [[VertexMutationInput!]]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGeoTaxZone mutation.
"""
input UpdateGeoTaxZoneMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  The rate for a tax. For a percentage based tax, this is a percentage. For a
  flat tax, it is a currency value in the smallest currency unit (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)
  """
  rate: Float

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A US county. Only used for US addresses."""
  county: UsCounty

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """Whether to match on partial ZIP/postal codes."""
  zip_partial_match: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subdivision` to null."""
  unset_subdivision: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `city` to null."""
  unset_city: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `county` to null."""
  unset_county: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `country` to null."""
  unset_country: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `zip` to null."""
  unset_zip: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGlobalInventoryModelMinMax mutation.
"""
input UpdateGlobalInventoryModelMinMaxMutationInput {
  """Minimum value"""
  minimum: Int!

  """Maximum value"""
  maximum: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `maximum` to null."""
  unset_maximum: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateGpsTrackingProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateGpsTrackingProviderMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """`GpsTrackingProvider` Credentials."""
  gps_tracking_provider_credentials: [GpsTrackingProviderCredentialInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIdentityProviderActiveDirectory mutation.
"""
input UpdateIdentityProviderActiveDirectoryMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ActiveDirectory icon URL."""
  icon_url: URL

  """Whether to disable the cache or not."""
  disable_cache: Boolean

  """Whether to use client SSL certificate authentication or not."""
  cert_auth: Boolean

  """Whether to use Windows Integrated Auth (Kerberos) or not."""
  kerberos: Boolean

  """The list of domains that can be authenticated."""
  domain_aliases: [String]

  """The range of IPs with which to use Windows Integrated Auth (Kerberos)."""
  ips: [String]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `icon_url` to null."""
  unset_icon_url: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIdentityProviderGoogle mutation.
"""
input UpdateIdentityProviderGoogleMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The client ID for this identity provider."""
  client_id: String

  """The client secret for this identity provider."""
  client_secret: String
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIdentityProviderMicrosoft mutation.
"""
input UpdateIdentityProviderMicrosoftMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The client ID for this identity provider."""
  client_id: String

  """The client secret for this identity provider."""
  client_secret: String
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIdentityProviderSaml mutation.
"""
input UpdateIdentityProviderSamlMutationInput {
  """The display name."""
  display_name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The SAML sign in URL."""
  sign_in_endpoint: URL

  """The SAML sign out URL."""
  sign_out_endpoint: URL

  """
  The attribute in the SAML token that will be mapped to the user_id property.
  """
  user_id_attribute: URL

  """The X.509 signing certificate contents."""
  certificate: Text

  """
  Whether to include more verbose logging during the authentication process or not.
  """
  debug: Boolean

  """Whether to sign the SAML request or not."""
  sign_saml_request: Boolean

  """The sign request algorithm."""
  signature_algorithm: SamlSignatureAlgorithm

  """The sign request algorithm digest."""
  digest_algorithm: SamlDigestAlgorithm

  """The SAML protocol binding."""
  protocol_binding: SamlProtocolBinding

  """Authentication domains."""
  auth_domains: String

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `sign_out_endpoint` to null."""
  unset_sign_out_endpoint: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `user_id_attribute` to null."""
  unset_user_id_attribute: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInboundMailbox mutation.
"""
input UpdateInboundMailboxMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """
  The name to send from when using this email message. If `null`, then the system default will be used.
  """
  from_name: String

  """The mailbox email is sent from."""
  from_mailbox: String

  """The ID of an `EmailDomain`."""
  email_domain_id: Int64Bit

  """The priority of a `Ticket`."""
  priority: TicketPriority

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not an auto reply should be sent."""
  send_auto_reply: Boolean

  """The auto reply to send."""
  auto_reply: Text

  """Whether or not to append a signature."""
  append_signature: Boolean

  """
  The signature to append. You can include `[PUBLIC_NAME]` as a variable to
  insert the user's public name when the signature is appended.
  """
  signature: Text

  """Whether or not to enable Slack integration."""
  enable_slack_integration: Boolean

  """
  Whether the email body should be posted to Slack, or just the email subject.
  """
  post_email_body_to_slack: Boolean

  """
  The URL of a Slack webhook. You can generate one at https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook.
  """
  slack_webhook_url: URL

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInlineDevice mutation.
"""
input UpdateInlineDeviceMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip_address: IP

  """A TCP port."""
  port: Port

  """Whether this device should write entries for all subnets or not."""
  all_subnets: Boolean

  """Credentials for an inline device."""
  inline_device_credentials: [InlineDeviceAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]

  """IDs of `Subnet`s."""
  subnet_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInstanceServiceFundAutoPay mutation.
"""
input UpdateInstanceServiceFundAutoPayMutationInput {
  """The instance service fund type."""
  instance_service_fund_type: InstanceServiceFundType!

  """Whether the instance service is paid for automatically."""
  auto_pay: Boolean!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInternalLocation mutation.
"""
input UpdateInternalLocationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
Inventory model field data information when updating inventory item fields.
"""
input UpdateInventoryItemFieldMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryModelField`."""
  inventory_model_field_id: Int64Bit!

  """The value."""
  value: String

  """Unset the contents of this field."""
  unset: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryItemFields mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryItemFieldsMutationInput {
  """The contents of the fields for the items being added."""
  fields: [UpdateInventoryItemFieldMutationInput]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryItemSegment mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryItemSegmentMutationInput {
  """The type of entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_type: InventoryitemableType

  """The ID of the entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_id: Int64Bit

  """The quantity of this inventory model."""
  quantity: Int

  """
  Determines how updates or deletions to a segment will handle the quantity adjustment.
  """
  segment_modifier: InventoryItemSegmentModifierType

  """
  The type of entity that this inventory item segment will be assigned to.
  """
  segmentable_type: InventoryitemableType

  """
  The ID of the entity that this inventory item segment will be assigned to.
  """
  segmentable_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryItems mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryItemsMutationInput {
  """The type of entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_type: InventoryitemableType

  """The ID of the entity that this inventory item is assigned to."""
  inventoryitemable_id: Int64Bit

  """The purchase price of this item."""
  purchase_price: Int

  """The physical status of this item."""
  status: InventoryItemStatus

  """The ID of a `DeploymentType`."""
  deployment_type_id: Int64Bit

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude

  """A decimal latitude."""
  longitude: Longitude

  """The quantity of this inventory model."""
  quantity: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `purchase_price` to null."""
  unset_purchase_price: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `deployment_type_id` to null."""
  unset_deployment_type_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `latitude` to null."""
  unset_latitude: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `longitude` to null."""
  unset_longitude: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryItemStatus mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryItemStatusMutationInput {
  """The overridden status of an `InventoryItem`."""
  override_status: InventoryItemDeviceStatus

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `override_status` to null."""
  unset_override_status: Boolean
}

"""Update the address details for an inventory location."""
input UpdateInventoryLocationAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude

  """A decimal longitude."""
  longitude: Longitude
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryLocation mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryLocationMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  Marks this inventory location as the default shipping location for purchase orders.
  """
  default_shipping_location: Boolean

  """The physical address of the inventory location."""
  address: UpdateInventoryLocationAddressMutationInput

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryModelCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryModelCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryModelField mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryModelFieldMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Types that inventory model fields can be set to."""
  type: InventoryModelFieldType

  """Secondary types that inventory model fields can be set to."""
  secondary_type: InventoryModelFieldSecondaryType

  """Whether or not this field is required."""
  required: Boolean

  """Whether or not the field contents must be unique."""
  unique: Uniqueness

  """A PCRE regular expression. Omit the leading and closing /."""
  regexp: String

  """
  A single inventory model field can be set to be the primary field. This will
  be used as the primary identifier for items of this model throughout Sonar.
  """
  primary: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `secondary_type` to null."""
  unset_secondary_type: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryModelMinMax mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryModelMinMaxMutationInput {
  """The ID of an `InventoryLocation`."""
  inventory_location_id: Int64Bit

  """Minimum value"""
  minimum: Int!

  """Maximum value"""
  maximum: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `maximum` to null."""
  unset_maximum: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInventoryModel mutation.
"""
input UpdateInventoryModelMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of a Manufacturer."""
  manufacturer_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of an InventoryModelCategory."""
  inventory_model_category_id: Int64Bit

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """The actual model name/part number."""
  model_name: String

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  The TCP port that the web interface of this type of device is available on.
  """
  port: Int

  """The protocol used to access the web interface."""
  protocol: Protocol

  """
  A generic inventory model does not have any fields, and is used for items that
  you don't need to track individually (for example, a box of screws, or a spool of cable.)
  """
  generic: Boolean

  """The type of inventory model."""
  device_type: InventoryModelDeviceType

  """
  If this is a SIM card for LTE provisioning, which provider this SIM is for.
  """
  lte_sim_type: LteProviderType

  """The ID of a `NetworkMonitoringTemplate`."""
  network_monitoring_template_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Sets the default vendor to be used for purchasing this inventory model.
  """
  default_vendor_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not inventory item can be broken down into segments."""
  is_segmentable: Boolean

  """The quantity of this inventory model."""
  quantity: Int

  """The unit of measurement for this inventory model."""
  unit_of_measurement: UnitOfMeasurementType

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `model_name` to null."""
  unset_model_name: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `port` to null."""
  unset_port: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `protocol` to null."""
  unset_protocol: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `lte_sim_type` to null."""
  unset_lte_sim_type: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `network_monitoring_template_id` to null.
  """
  unset_network_monitoring_template_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `quantity` to null."""
  unset_quantity: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `unit_of_measurement` to null."""
  unset_unit_of_measurement: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInvoiceAttachment mutation.
"""
input UpdateInvoiceAttachmentMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The date to start attaching this PDF to invoices."""
  start: Date

  """The date to stop attaching this PDF to invoices."""
  end: Date

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A single file to associate with this object. Any existing file will be overwritten.
  """
  file: AssociateFileMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `start` to null."""
  unset_start: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `end` to null."""
  unset_end: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInvoiceMessage mutation.
"""
input UpdateInvoiceMessageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The message."""
  message: String

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInvoice mutation.
"""
input UpdateInvoiceMutationInput {
  """
  If an invoice is frozen, payments will not be automatically applied to it, and it cannot be modified.
  """
  frozen: Boolean

  """A custom message to print on the invoice."""
  message: String

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `message` to null."""
  unset_message: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateInvoiceTemplate mutation.
"""
input UpdateInvoiceTemplateMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The content of an Invoice Template which includes a remittance slip."""
  with_remittance: Clob

  """
  The content of an Invoice Template which does not include a remittance slip.
  """
  without_remittance: Clob

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIpAssignment mutation.
"""
input UpdateIpAssignmentMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """The owner of this `IpAssignment`."""
  ipassignmentable_type: IpassignmentableType

  """The ID of the owner of this `IpAssignment`."""
  ipassignmentable_id: Int64Bit

  """
  If this IP was assigned automatically (e.g. via DHCP or RADIUS) then it will be marked as a soft assignment.
  """
  soft: Boolean = false

  """Some reference data regarding this IP assignment."""
  reference: Text

  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `reference` to null."""
  unset_reference: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `description` to null."""
  unset_description: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateIpPool mutation.
"""
input UpdateIpPoolMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A range of IPv4 addresses."""
  ip_range: IpRange

  """The ID of a `DhcpServerIdentifier`."""
  dhcp_server_identifier_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `EPC`s."""
  epc_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `DhcpServer`s."""
  dhcp_server_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `dhcp_server_identifier_id` to null.
  """
  unset_dhcp_server_identifier_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateJob mutation."""
input UpdateJobMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `JobType`."""
  job_type_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `Ticket`."""
  ticket_id: Int64Bit

  """The date and time this `Job` is scheduled for."""
  scheduled_datetime: Datetime

  """The length in minutes for this `Job`."""
  length_in_minutes: Int

  """The type of entity that this `Job` is associated with."""
  jobbable_type: JobbableType

  """The ID of the entity that this `Job` is associated with."""
  jobbable_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Any notes entered when this `Job` was completed."""
  completion_notes: Text

  """
  If this is `true` then the new `JobType`'s task template will be applied and existing uncompleted tasks will be removed.
  """
  replace_existing_tasks: Boolean

  """The ID of the serviceable address account assignment future."""
  serviceable_address_account_assignment_future_id: Int64Bit

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ticket_id` to null."""
  unset_ticket_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `scheduled_datetime` to null."""
  unset_scheduled_datetime: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `completion_notes` to null."""
  unset_completion_notes: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `serviceable_address_account_assignment_future_id` to null.
  """
  unset_serviceable_address_account_assignment_future_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateJobService mutation.
"""
input UpdateJobServiceMutationInput {
  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateJobType mutation.
"""
input UpdateJobTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The default length for a `Job` created using this `JobType`."""
  default_length_in_minutes: Int

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """An icon."""
  icon: Icon

  """
  Whether `Job`s associated with this `JobType` should be able to be completed with incomplete tasks.
  """
  allow_completion_with_incomplete_tasks: Boolean

  """Whether or not this `JobType` is valid for all `Companies`."""
  all_companies: Boolean

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  while associated with an `Account` will trigger the disconnection of the `Account`.
  """
  disconnects_account: Boolean

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  while associated with an `Account` will change the `Account` to this
  `AccountStatus`.
  """
  account_status_id_completion: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed
  unsuccessfully while associated with an `Account` will change the `Account` to
  this `AccountStatus`.
  """
  account_status_id_failure: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed successfully
  will create a `Ticket` and assign it to this `TicketGroup`.
  """
  ticket_group_id_completion: Int64Bit

  """
  If this is set, any `Job` using this `JobType` that is completed
  unsuccessfully will create a `Ticket` and assign it to this `TicketGroup`.
  """
  ticket_group_id_failure: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `ContractTemplate`."""
  contract_template_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TaskTemplate`."""
  task_template_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `Companies`."""
  company_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `Service`s."""
  service_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Completion ticket action."""
  action_on_completion: JobTypeAction

  """Failure ticket action."""
  action_on_failure: JobTypeAction

  """Ticket status on completion."""
  ticket_status_on_completion: TicketStatus

  """Ticket status on failure."""
  ticket_status_on_failure: TicketStatus

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `account_status_id_completion` to null.
  """
  unset_account_status_id_completion: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `account_status_id_failure` to null.
  """
  unset_account_status_id_failure: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `ticket_group_id_completion` to null.
  """
  unset_ticket_group_id_completion: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `ticket_group_id_failure` to null.
  """
  unset_ticket_group_id_failure: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `contract_template_id` to null."""
  unset_contract_template_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `task_template_id` to null."""
  unset_task_template_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateLocalPrefix mutation.
"""
input UpdateLocalPrefixMutationInput {
  """A telephone number prefix."""
  prefix: Numeric!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateLookerExploreLicense mutation.
"""
input UpdateLookerExploreLicenseMutationInput {
  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `user_id` to null."""
  unset_user_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateLookerViewLicense mutation.
"""
input UpdateLookerViewLicenseMutationInput {
  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `user_id` to null."""
  unset_user_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateLteProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateLteProviderMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Automatically detach UE when account is changed to delinquency status."""
  deactivate_on_delinquency: Boolean

  """Write PDN address allocation into BreezeVIEW."""
  write_pdn_address_allocation: Boolean

  """Whether or not a floating license model is used with BreezeVIEW."""
  floating_license: Boolean

  """Credentials for the LTE provider."""
  lte_provider_credentials: [LteProviderAuthenticationCredentialMutationInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateMailingAddress mutation.
"""
input UpdateMailingAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `line2` to null."""
  unset_line2: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `subdivision` to null."""
  unset_subdivision: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateManufacturer mutation.
"""
input UpdateManufacturerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateMapOverlay mutation.
"""
input UpdateMapOverlayMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """Map Overlay Language (KML) file contents."""
  contents: Base64Clob

  """Network site id."""
  network_site_id: Int64Bit

  """file type"""
  file_type: MapOverlayFileType

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `network_site_id` to null."""
  unset_network_site_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateMe mutation."""
input UpdateMeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """An email address."""
  email_address: EmailAddress

  """A mobile phone number. This will be used to send SMS messages."""
  mobile_number: Numeric

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """The publicly viewable name of this user."""
  public_name: String

  """
  The preferred language for this user. If none is set, then the system default
  will be used. This will affect the interface, as well as communications sent to this user.
  """
  language: Language

  """The number of records shown in a paginated table at once."""
  table_paginator_size: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not the navigation bar on the side is loaded in an expanded state.
  """
  navigation_expanded: Boolean

  """
  Saved settings for the web application. This field is meant to be user configurable.
  """
  ui_preferences: Text

  """Your notification settings."""
  notification_settings: [NotificationSettingMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `mobile_number` to null."""
  unset_mobile_number: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateMessageCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateMessageCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  If this is `true`, then any contacts created will have this category associated with them by default.
  """
  default: Boolean

  """If `true`, this category will be added to all existing contacts."""
  apply_to_existing_contacts: Boolean

  """
  If `true`, this category will be removed from all existing contacts. Ignored if apply_to_existing_contacts is `true`
  """
  remove_from_existing_contacts: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateMfaAdminSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateMfaAdminSettingsMutationInput {
  """Whether or not users are required to use multi-factor authentication."""
  is_mfa_required: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetflowAllowedSubnet mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetflowAllowedSubnetMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetflowEndpoint mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetflowEndpointMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whitelist mode."""
  whitelist_mode: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetflowOnPremise mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetflowOnPremiseMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip: IP

  """The date and time of the last processed records."""
  last_processed_timestamp: Datetime

  """The file name of the last processed records."""
  last_processed_filename: String

  """The size of the last processed records file."""
  last_processed_size: Int

  """A JSON object of tracked statistics."""
  statistics: Text

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `last_processed_timestamp` to null.
  """
  unset_last_processed_timestamp: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `last_processed_filename` to null.
  """
  unset_last_processed_filename: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `last_processed_size` to null."""
  unset_last_processed_size: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetflowWhitelist mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetflowWhitelistMutationInput {
  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetworkMonitoringGraph mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetworkMonitoringGraphMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The type."""
  type: NetworkMonitoringGraphType

  """Stacked"""
  stacked: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetworkMonitoringTemplate mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetworkMonitoringTemplateMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not to collect interface statistics."""
  collect_interface_statistics: Boolean

  """Whether or not ICMP monitoring is enabled."""
  icmp_monitoring: Boolean

  """ICMP latency threshold (ms)."""
  icmp_latency_threshold: Int

  """ICMP loss threshold (%)."""
  icmp_loss_threshold: Int

  """SNMP version"""
  snmp_version: SnmpVersion

  """SNMP community/securityName"""
  snmp_community: String

  """SNMPv3 security level"""
  snmp3_sec_level: Snmp3SecurityLevel

  """SNMPv3 auth protocol"""
  snmp3_auth_protocol: Snmp3AuthProtocol

  """SNMPv3 auth passphrase"""
  snmp3_auth_passphrase: String

  """SNMPv3 privacy protocol"""
  snmp3_priv_protocol: Snmp3PrivProtocol

  """SNMPv3 privacy passphrase"""
  snmp3_priv_passphrase: String

  """SNMPv3 context name"""
  snmp3_context_name: String

  """SNMPv3 context engine ID"""
  snmp3_context_engineid: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `icmp_latency_threshold` to null.
  """
  unset_icmp_latency_threshold: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `icmp_loss_threshold` to null."""
  unset_icmp_loss_threshold: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp_version` to null."""
  unset_snmp_version: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp_community` to null."""
  unset_snmp_community: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_sec_level` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_sec_level: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_auth_protocol` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_auth_protocol: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_auth_passphrase` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_auth_passphrase: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_priv_protocol` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_priv_protocol: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_priv_passphrase` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_priv_passphrase: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_context_name` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_context_name: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_context_engineid` to null.
  """
  unset_snmp3_context_engineid: Boolean
}

"""Update the address details for a network site."""
input UpdateNetworkSiteAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude

  """A decimal longitude."""
  longitude: Longitude

  """The timezone you want times in the system displayed in."""
  timezone: Timezone
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNetworkSite mutation.
"""
input UpdateNetworkSiteMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Height in meters."""
  height_in_meters: Float

  """The address for the network site."""
  address: UpdateNetworkSiteAddressMutationInput

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateNonInventoryItem mutation.
"""
input UpdateNonInventoryItemMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateNote mutation."""
input UpdateNoteMutationInput {
  """The message."""
  message: Text

  """The priority of the note."""
  priority: NotePriority
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateOneTimeService mutation.
"""
input UpdateOneTimeServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""The fields necessary to update or create an address."""
input UpdateOrCreateAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String!

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String!

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String!

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country!

  """Address line 2."""
  unset_line2: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateOrderGroup mutation.
"""
input UpdateOrderGroupMutationInput {
  """The name of an order group."""
  name: String

  """
  Disabled order groups cannot be assigned users or used to create purchase orders.
  """
  enabled: Boolean

  """
  The threshold at which requesters require approval of their purchase orders.
  """
  automatic_approval_threshold: Int

  """
  A list of user IDs that should have authority to approve purchase orders in this order group.
  """
  approver_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """
  A list of user IDs that should have permission to create product requests in this group.
  """
  requester_ids: [Int64Bit]!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateOverageService mutation.
"""
input UpdateOverageServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """A value in gigabytes."""
  gigabytes: Int

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePackage mutation.
"""
input UpdatePackageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `Service`s."""
  services: [PackageServiceMutationInput]

  """
  Setting to indicate if services in this package should be rolled up into a package total when this package is displayed.
  """
  rollup_services: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePasswordPolicy mutation.
"""
input UpdatePasswordPolicyMutationInput {
  """The minimum length a password must be."""
  minimum_length: Int

  """Does a password require both upper and lower case characters?"""
  requires_upper_and_lower_case_characters: Boolean

  """
  Does a password require at least one special (non alpha-numeric) character?
  """
  requires_at_least_one_special_character: Boolean

  """
  Must a password be alpha-numeric (contain at least one letter and one number)
  or can it have any combination of characters?
  """
  requires_alpha_numeric: Boolean

  """
  A score for the zxcvbn password strength estimation library that this password
  must match. 0 allows all passwords, 4 requires a very strong password. See
  https://github.com/dropbox/zxcvbn for details.
  """
  minimum_password_strength: Int
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePayment mutation.
"""
input UpdatePaymentMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  reference: String

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `reference` to null."""
  unset_reference: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePayPalCredential mutation.
"""
input UpdatePayPalCredentialInput {
  """The client ID for PayPal."""
  client_id: String

  """The client secret for PayPal."""
  client_secret: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePhoneNumber mutation.
"""
input UpdatePhoneNumberMutationInput {
  """The number."""
  number: Numeric

  """The extension."""
  extension: Numeric

  """A two character country code for this phone number."""
  country: Country

  """The ID of the PhoneNumberType associated with this phone number."""
  phone_number_type_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not SMS messages accepted."""
  sms_opt_in: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `extension` to null."""
  unset_extension: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePhoneNumberType mutation.
"""
input UpdatePhoneNumberTypeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  Whether or not phone numbers of this type are capable of sending and receiving SMS messages.
  """
  sms_capable: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePoller mutation.
"""
input UpdatePollerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Poller subnet configuration."""
  poller_subnets: [PollerSubnetMutationInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePollerSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdatePollerSettingsMutationInput {
  """How often to poll account equipment (minutes)."""
  account_polling_frequency_in_minutes: Int

  """How often to poll infrastructure equipment (minutes)."""
  infrastructure_polling_frequency_in_minutes: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePreseem mutation.
"""
input UpdatePreseemMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """An API key."""
  api_key: Text

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePrintToMailOrderError mutation.
"""
input UpdatePrintToMailOrderErrorMutationInput {
  """Whether or not the error has been marked as resolved."""
  resolved: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePrintToMailSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdatePrintToMailSettingsMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The print method for the print to mail batch."""
  print_method: PrintToMailPrintMethod

  """The print type for the print to mail batch."""
  print_type: PrintToMailPrintType

  """A notification is sent if Print to Mail funds fall below this value."""
  low_funds_threshold: Int
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePurchaseOrder mutation.
"""
input UpdatePurchaseOrderMutationInput {
  """The source of the shipping address for a purchase order."""
  inventory_location_id: Int64Bit

  """A unique number identifying an approved purchase order."""
  order_number: Int

  """The current status of this purchase order."""
  status: PurchaseOrderStatus

  """
  The ID of the company that will be used in the header of this purchase order.
  """
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """A message to be included on purchase orders when sent to vendors."""
  external_message: String

  """The order items to attach to a new purchase order."""
  purchase_order_items: [UpdatePurchaseOrderOrderItemsMutationInput]

  """The ID of an order group related to this purchase order."""
  order_group_id: Int64Bit

  """The name of a vendor."""
  vendor_name: String

  """The terms of payment for deliveries from this vendor."""
  payment_terms: PaymentTerm

  """The currency used for all transactions with this vendor."""
  currency: Currency

  """Whether or not the purchase order has been marked as being paid."""
  is_paid: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `external_message` to null."""
  unset_external_message: Boolean
}

"""Add items to a new purchase order."""
input UpdatePurchaseOrderOrderItemsMutationInput {
  """The ID of a purchase order item"""
  id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a vendor item."""
  vendor_item_id: Int64Bit

  """The quantity of a vendor item on a purchase order."""
  units: Int

  """
  The price of the vendor item at the time the purchase order was created.
  """
  price: Int64Bit

  """The current status of a purchase order item."""
  status: PurchaseOrderItemStatus

  """A list of tax IDs that should be applied to this purchase order item."""
  taxes: [Int64Bit]

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """
  Number of inventory models that are included in a single unit of this vendors product.
  """
  quantity_per_unit: Int

  """Part number used by the vendor to identify this vendor item."""
  part_number: String

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The order this item is shown in a list."""
  list_order: Int

  """Part number used by the vendor to identify this vendor item."""
  unset_part_number: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updatePurchaseOrderSystemSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdatePurchaseOrderSystemSettingsInput {
  """The starting number for system generated purchase order numbers."""
  initial_purchase_order_number: Int

  """
  The ID of an inventory location to be the default shipping location for purchase orders.
  """
  default_inventory_location_id: Int64Bit
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRadiusAccount mutation.
"""
input UpdateRadiusAccountMutationInput {
  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `password` to null."""
  unset_password: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRadiusGroup mutation.
"""
input UpdateRadiusGroupMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The RADIUS group priority."""
  priority: Int

  """Whether or not this is a fall through group."""
  fall_through: Boolean

  """
  The types of account statuses for accounts that are part of this grouping.
  """
  account_status: AddressListAccountStatus

  """The delinquency state for accounts that are part of this grouping."""
  delinquency: AddressListDelinquency

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountStatus`es."""
  account_status_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `AccountType`s."""
  account_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of data `Service`s."""
  data_service_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A list of IDs of `UsageBasedBillingPolicy` objects."""
  usage_based_billing_policy_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRadiusGroupReplyAttribute mutation.
"""
input UpdateRadiusGroupReplyAttributeMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A RADIUS reply operator."""
  operator: RadiusReplyOperator

  """A RADIUS reply."""
  reply: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRadiusServer mutation.
"""
input UpdateRadiusServerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean = true

  """An IPv4/IPv6 address."""
  ip_address: IP

  """The RADIUS server credentials."""
  radius_server_credentials: [RadiusServerCredentialInput]

  """
  Whether or not Sonar should track bandwidth usage data from this RADIUS server.
  """
  collect_bandwidth: Boolean

  """Send a change of authorization on account delinquency to this device."""
  send_change_auth_on_delinquency: Boolean

  """
  Send a change of authorization on account service change to this device.
  """
  send_change_auth_on_service_change: Boolean

  """
  Send a change of authorization on account status change to this device.
  """
  send_change_auth_on_status_change: Boolean

  """The secret used to send a change of authorization to this device."""
  coa_secret: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `coa_secret` to null."""
  unset_coa_secret: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRateCenter mutation.
"""
input UpdateRateCenterMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateRecurringService mutation.
"""
input UpdateRecurringServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateRole mutation."""
input UpdateRoleMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A list of permissions associated with this role."""
  applied_permissions: [Permission!]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSavedMessageCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateSavedMessageCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleAddress mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleAddressMutationInput {
  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude

  """A decimal latitude."""
  longitude: Longitude

  """The type of schedule address that this is."""
  type: ScheduleAddressType

  """The timezone you want times in the system displayed in."""
  timezone: Timezone

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleAvailabilityDayTime mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleAvailabilityDayTimeMutationInput {
  """A day."""
  day: Day

  """Whether this day is available from start to finish."""
  all_day: Boolean

  """The start time for the day."""
  start_time: Time

  """The end time for the day."""
  end_time: Time
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleAvailability mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleAvailabilityMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The start date for this `ScheduleAvailability`."""
  start_date: Date

  """
  Whether or not this `ScheduleAvailability` creates or removes availability.
  """
  available: Boolean

  """Whether this repeats forever or not."""
  infinite_repetitions: Boolean

  """The number of times this repeats."""
  repetitions: Int

  """The number of weeks between repetitions."""
  weeks_between_repetitions: Int

  """The ID of a `Geofence`."""
  geofence_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """IDs of `JobType`s."""
  job_type_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `geofence_id` to null."""
  unset_geofence_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleBlockerDayTime mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleBlockerDayTimeMutationInput {
  """A day."""
  day: Day

  """The start time for the day."""
  start_time: Time

  """The end time for the day."""
  end_time: Time
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleBlocker mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleBlockerMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The start date for this `ScheduleAvailability`."""
  start_date: Date

  """Whether this repeats forever or not."""
  infinite_repetitions: Boolean

  """The number of times this repeats."""
  repetitions: Int

  """The number of weeks between repetitions."""
  weeks_between_repetitions: Int

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The fields necessary to update an account voice service detail on a scheduled event.
"""
input UpdateScheduledEventAccountVoiceServiceDetailMutationInput {
  """The ID of a voice service configuration parameter."""
  voice_service_generic_parameter_id: Int64Bit!

  """The quantity for this service."""
  quantity: Int

  """
  The amount that this service price has been overridden to. If this is null, then the service price is used.
  """
  price_override: Int

  """The reason that the price of a service has been overridden."""
  price_override_reason: String

  """
  The amount that this service price has been overridden to. If this is null, then the service price is used.
  """
  unset_price_override: Boolean

  """The reason that the price of a service has been overridden."""
  unset_price_override_reason: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduledEvent mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduledEventMutationInput {
  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """A date and time"""
  datetime: Datetime

  """The ID of an object described by the `event` field."""
  primary_event_object_id: String

  """
  The amount to be used for this scheduled event. Only applicable for events
  that relate to money (e.g. price override, payment.)
  """
  amount: Int

  """Whether or not to prorate the transaction."""
  prorate: Boolean

  """
  Items specific to a voice service. Includes the quantity, price override, and related configuration parameter of each.
  """
  account_voice_service_details: [UpdateScheduledEventAccountVoiceServiceDetailMutationInput]

  """Items specific to Calix provisioning on associated service."""
  account_calix_service_details: [AccountCalixServiceDetailMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `prorate` to null."""
  unset_prorate: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateScheduleTimeOff mutation.
"""
input UpdateScheduleTimeOffMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The date and time that this starts."""
  start_datetime: Datetime

  """The date and time that this ends."""
  end_datetime: Datetime

  """IDs of `User`s."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSearchFilter mutation.
"""
input UpdateSearchFilterMutationInput {
  """Whether the filter is available to every user (admins only)."""
  all_users: Boolean

  """The filter's name."""
  name: String

  """The actual filter, as JSON."""
  filter: String
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateServiceableAddressAccountAssignmentFuture mutation.
"""
input UpdateServiceableAddressAccountAssignmentFutureMutationInput {
  """The ID of the address."""
  address_id: Int64Bit

  """The date this is targeted to happen."""
  target_date: Date

  """
  A note about this expected change of serviceable address account assignment.
  """
  note: Text

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `note` to null."""
  unset_note: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateServiceableAddress mutation.
"""
input UpdateServiceableAddressMutationInput {
  """Address line 1."""
  line1: String

  """Address line 2."""
  line2: String

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A ZIP or postal code."""
  zip: String

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A decimal latitude."""
  latitude: Latitude

  """A decimal latitude."""
  longitude: Longitude

  """The timezone you want times in the system displayed in."""
  timezone: Timezone

  """IDs of `NetworkSite`s."""
  network_site_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """Address status ID."""
  address_status_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not this address is an anchor"""
  is_anchor: Boolean

  """The address ID for the Anchor address"""
  anchor_address_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a BillingDefault."""
  billing_default_id: Int64Bit

  """The attainable download speed in kilobits per second."""
  attainable_download_speed: Int

  """The attainable upload speed in kilobits per second."""
  attainable_upload_speed: Int

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `line2` to null."""
  unset_line2: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `anchor_address_id` to null."""
  unset_anchor_address_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `billing_default_id` to null."""
  unset_billing_default_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `attainable_download_speed` to null.
  """
  unset_attainable_download_speed: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `attainable_upload_speed` to null.
  """
  unset_attainable_upload_speed: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateServiceMetadata mutation.
"""
input UpdateServiceMetadataMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSignature mutation.
"""
input UpdateSignatureMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The ID of a department."""
  department_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not signature is default for mass messages."""
  mass_default: Boolean

  """Whether or not signature is default for triggered messages."""
  triggered_default: Boolean

  """Body of an SMS signature."""
  sms_signature: SmsContactPrefix

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSmsSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateSmsSettingsMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A notification is sent if SMS funds fall below this value."""
  low_funds_threshold: Int

  """Start of quiet time for sending SMS triggered messages."""
  triggered_quiet_start_time: Time

  """End of quiet time for sending SMS triggered messages."""
  triggered_quiet_end_time: Time

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `triggered_quiet_start_time` to null.
  """
  unset_triggered_quiet_start_time: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `triggered_quiet_end_time` to null.
  """
  unset_triggered_quiet_end_time: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSnmpOid mutation.
"""
input UpdateSnmpOidMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An OID"""
  oid: String

  """Whether or not to auto scale."""
  auto_scale: Boolean

  """A 6 character hexadecimal string, representing a color used in HTML."""
  color: HtmlHexColor

  """Divide by"""
  divide_by: Int

  """Display as table"""
  display_as_table: Boolean

  """Unit of measurement"""
  unit_of_measurement: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `divide_by` to null."""
  unset_divide_by: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `unit_of_measurement` to null."""
  unset_unit_of_measurement: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSnmpOidThreshold mutation.
"""
input UpdateSnmpOidThresholdMutationInput {
  """
  An operator that defines how to apply the threshold value to the attribute.
  """
  operator: RangeOperator

  """The value."""
  value: String

  """
  The amount of time in minutes that the threshold must be violated before it is triggered.
  """
  time_period_in_minutes: Int

  """The ID of an `SnmpOid`."""
  snmp_oid_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSnmpOverride mutation.
"""
input UpdateSnmpOverrideMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """SNMP version"""
  snmp_version: SnmpVersion

  """SNMP community/securityName"""
  snmp_community: String

  """SNMPv3 security level"""
  snmp3_sec_level: Snmp3SecurityLevel

  """SNMPv3 auth protocol"""
  snmp3_auth_protocol: Snmp3AuthProtocol

  """SNMPv3 auth passphrase"""
  snmp3_auth_passphrase: String

  """SNMPv3 privacy protocol"""
  snmp3_priv_protocol: Snmp3PrivProtocol

  """SNMPv3 privacy passphrase"""
  snmp3_priv_passphrase: String

  """SNMPv3 context name"""
  snmp3_context_name: String

  """SNMPv3 context engine ID"""
  snmp3_context_engineid: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp_version` to null."""
  unset_snmp_version: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp_community` to null."""
  unset_snmp_community: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_sec_level` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_sec_level: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_auth_protocol` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_auth_protocol: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_auth_passphrase` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_auth_passphrase: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_priv_protocol` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_priv_protocol: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_priv_passphrase` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_priv_passphrase: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_context_name` to null."""
  unset_snmp3_context_name: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `snmp3_context_engineid` to null.
  """
  unset_snmp3_context_engineid: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateStoredView mutation.
"""
input UpdateStoredViewMutationInput {
  """A name to identify this `StoredView`."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this StoredView is available to all users."""
  is_global: Boolean

  """The type of `StoredView`."""
  type: StoredViewType

  """The column used to sort the filtered results."""
  sort_column: String

  """The direction to sort in."""
  sort_direction: SortDirection

  """The list of filter groups for this `StoredView`."""
  stored_groups: [StoredGroupMutationInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `sort_column` to null."""
  unset_sort_column: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `sort_direction` to null."""
  unset_sort_direction: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSubnet mutation.
"""
input UpdateSubnetMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """Subnet type."""
  type: SubnetType

  """The ID of a `Poller`."""
  poller_id: Int64Bit

  """Polling priority."""
  polling_priority: Int

  """A list of `InlineDevice` IDs."""
  inline_device_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `name` to null."""
  unset_name: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `poller_id` to null."""
  unset_poller_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSupernet mutation.
"""
input UpdateSupernetMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An IPv4/IPv6 subnet."""
  subnet: SubnetScalar

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `name` to null."""
  unset_name: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSystemBackupDestination mutation.
"""
input UpdateSystemBackupDestinationMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The base path to the directory that the file will be stored in."""
  base_path: String

  """
  The credentials used to authenticate against a system backup destination provider.
  """
  system_backup_destination_credentials: [SystemBackupDestinationCredentialInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `base_path` to null."""
  unset_base_path: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSystemBackupSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateSystemBackupSettingsMutationInput {
  """Whether or not to automatically perform a backup every day."""
  automatic_backups: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to automatically export backups to configured destinations every day.
  """
  automatic_exports: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not to automatically delete an exported system backup on a
  destination configured by a client when pruning exports.
  """
  delete_exported_backups: Boolean

  """The maximum number of backups allowed to exist at any given time."""
  maximum_backups: Int

  """
  The maximum number of backup exports allowed to exist at any given time.
  """
  maximum_exports: Int

  """
  The number of minutes to wait until a backup in progress is considered to have failed and is ready to be marked as such.
  """
  in_progress_backup_expire_minutes: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateSystemSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateSystemSettingsMutationInput {
  """A supported language."""
  language: Language

  """The currency the system displays money in."""
  currency: Currency

  """The date format to use."""
  date_format: DateFormat

  """The time format to use."""
  time_format: TimeFormat

  """The character used to separate digits in numbers."""
  digit_separator: DigitSeparator

  """The character used to separate decimals in numbers."""
  decimal_separator: DecimalSeparator

  """The timezone you want times in the system displayed in."""
  timezone: Timezone

  """A state, province, or other country subdivision."""
  subdivision: Subdivision

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """A city."""
  city: String

  """Automatically create a RADIUS account when a new account is created."""
  create_radius_account_on_account_creation: Boolean

  """A text prefix to use when automatically creating a new RADIUS account."""
  radius_account_prefix: String

  """Application firewall enabled."""
  application_firewall_enabled: Boolean

  """The system of units."""
  units: Units

  """Whether all or only primary contacts may access the customer portal."""
  customer_portal_contact_access: CustomerPortalContactAccess

  """The date and time to suppress inventory item status alerts until."""
  suppress_alerts_until_datetime: Datetime

  """Invoices will be created in both English and French for all customers."""
  bilingual_invoices: Boolean

  """
  The source for the company used to populate the DBA name on the FCC Form 477.
  Supports one of service, account, or default.
  """
  fcc_form_477_company_source: FccForm477CompanySource

  """
  If an invoice is past due, will include red watermark stamp saying "Past Due" in the local language.
  """
  past_due_stamp_invoice: Boolean = false

  """
  If true then DHCP leases with Option82 remote_id will assign the IP address to
  a matching customer MAC address instead of a matching remote_id MAC address.
  """
  option_82_assign_to_customer_mac: Boolean

  """The default name to use in email From fields"""
  default_message_from_name: String

  """
  The default user name to use in email From address.  For example the 'jane' in jane@domain.com
  """
  default_message_from_email_user_prefix: String

  """The id of the Email Domain to use in email From address."""
  default_message_from_email_domain_id: Int64Bit

  """the id of the Phone Number to use as default sender for SMS messages."""
  default_message_from_phone_number_id: Int64Bit

  """The default language for messages."""
  default_message_language: Language

  """The id of the default signature to use for Single Recipient Messages."""
  single_recipient_signature_id: Int64Bit

  """The id of the default signature to use for Mass Messages."""
  mass_message_signature_id: Int64Bit

  """The id of the default signature to use for Triggered Messages."""
  triggered_message_signature_id: Int64Bit

  """
  Whether or not to disable the default sonar login and require the use of SSO.
  """
  force_sso_login_web: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `city` to null."""
  unset_city: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `suppress_alerts_until_datetime` to null.
  """
  unset_suppress_alerts_until_datetime: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `default_message_from_email_domain_id` to null.
  """
  unset_default_message_from_email_domain_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `default_message_from_phone_number_id` to null.
  """
  unset_default_message_from_phone_number_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `default_message_language` to null.
  """
  unset_default_message_language: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `single_recipient_signature_id` to null.
  """
  unset_single_recipient_signature_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `mass_message_signature_id` to null.
  """
  unset_mass_message_signature_id: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `triggered_message_signature_id` to null.
  """
  unset_triggered_message_signature_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateTask mutation."""
input UpdateTaskMutationInput {
  """The task to be performed."""
  task: Text

  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """The date on which the task is due."""
  due: Date

  """The order this item is shown in a list."""
  list_order: Int

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `user_id` to null."""
  unset_user_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `due` to null."""
  unset_due: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTaskTemplateItem mutation.
"""
input UpdateTaskTemplateItemMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `TaskTemplate`."""
  task_template_id: Int64Bit

  """The task to be performed."""
  task: String

  """How this task gets marked as completed."""
  completion_type: TaskCompletionType = BOOLEAN

  """
  The type of entity that completes this task. Only required when completion_type is not `BOOLEAN`.
  """
  completable_type: CompletableType

  """
  The ID of the entity that completes or completed this task. Only required if completable_type is `CustomField`.
  """
  completable_id: Int64Bit

  """The order this item is shown in a list."""
  list_order: Int
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTaskTemplate mutation.
"""
input UpdateTaskTemplateMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTaxExemption mutation.
"""
input UpdateTaxExemptionMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The jurisdictions of this `TaxExemption`."""
  jurisdictions: [TaxJurisdiction]

  """A list of `AvalaraTaxCategory` IDs."""
  avalara_tax_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateTax mutation."""
input UpdateTaxMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  The rate for a tax. For a percentage based tax, this is a percentage. For a
  flat tax, it is a currency value in the smallest currency unit (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)
  """
  rate: Float

  """
  Whether this `Tax` is applied as a percentage of the `Service` charge, or as a flat rate.
  """
  application: TaxApplication

  """
  Whether this tax is applied based on the account being in a specific geography, or whether it is applied to all accounts.
  """
  type: TaxType

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTaxOverride mutation.
"""
input UpdateTaxOverrideMutationInput {
  """
  The rate for a tax. For a percentage based tax, this is a percentage. For a
  flat tax, it is a currency value in the smallest currency unit (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)
  """
  rate: Float!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTaxProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateTaxProviderMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The list of subdivisions where this tax provider will collect taxes."""
  subdivisions: [Subdivision]

  """Credentials for the tax provider."""
  tax_provider_credentials: [TaxProviderCredentialMutationInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicketCategory mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketCategoryMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicketComment mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketCommentMutationInput {
  """The body."""
  body: Text

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicketGroup mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketGroupMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Whether or not the group is private."""
  private: Boolean

  """The IDs of `Users` in this `TicketGroup`."""
  user_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicketingSettings mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketingSettingsMutationInput {
  """
  The number of days a ticket needs to be closed before new inbound emails will
  create a new ticket rather than re-open the existing one.
  """
  days_closed_before_inbound_email_creates_new_ticket: Int

  """The highest spam score a ticket can have to be auto-replied."""
  spam_score_maximum_for_autoreply: Int

  """The lowest spam score a ticket must pass or else be rejected."""
  spam_score_minimum_for_reject: Int

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `days_closed_before_inbound_email_creates_new_ticket` to null.
  """
  unset_days_closed_before_inbound_email_creates_new_ticket: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicket mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketMutationInput {
  """The subject."""
  subject: String

  """A human readable description."""
  description: Text

  """The status."""
  status: TicketStatus

  """The priority of a `Ticket`."""
  priority: TicketPriority

  """The date this invoice is due by."""
  due_date: Date

  """The type of entity that this `Ticket` is associated with."""
  ticketable_type: TicketableType

  """The ID of the entity that this `Ticket` is associated with."""
  ticketable_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the `Ticket` that this `Ticket` is a child of."""
  parent_ticket_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `TicketGroup`."""
  ticket_group_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a User."""
  user_id: Int64Bit

  """IDs of `TicketCategory`s."""
  ticket_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The ID of an `InboundMailbox`."""
  inbound_mailbox_id: Int64Bit

  """Recipients for ticket replies."""
  ticket_recipients: [CreateTicketRecipientDuringTicketCreationMutationInput]

  """Indicates if this ticket is marked as spam."""
  is_spam: Boolean

  """Data to insert into custom fields."""
  custom_field_data: [CustomFieldDataMutationInput]

  """
  If IDs of `CustomField` objects that are associated with this entity are
  provided here, they will be unset and removed. You cannot unset data where the
  `CustomField` property `required` is set to `true`.
  """
  unset_custom_field_data: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]

  """The task to be performed."""
  tasks: [TaskMutationInput]

  """Allows subscribing to notifications for this entity."""
  subscription: SubscriptionMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `due_date` to null."""
  unset_due_date: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ticketable_type` to null."""
  unset_ticketable_type: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ticketable_id` to null."""
  unset_ticketable_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `parent_ticket_id` to null."""
  unset_parent_ticket_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `ticket_group_id` to null."""
  unset_ticket_group_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `user_id` to null."""
  unset_user_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `inbound_mailbox_id` to null."""
  unset_inbound_mailbox_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTicketRecipient mutation.
"""
input UpdateTicketRecipientMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """An email address."""
  email_address: EmailAddress

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTowercoverageConfiguration mutation.
"""
input UpdateTowercoverageConfigurationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The alphanumeric 64-character API key for TowerCoverage."""
  api_key: Text

  """The ID of an AccountType."""
  account_type_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of an AccountStatus."""
  account_status_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the PhoneNumberType associated with this phone number."""
  phone_number_type_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `api_key` to null."""
  unset_api_key: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `account_type_id` to null."""
  unset_account_type_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `account_status_id` to null."""
  unset_account_status_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `phone_number_type_id` to null."""
  unset_phone_number_type_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTowercoverageSubmission mutation.
"""
input UpdateTowercoverageSubmissionMutationInput {
  """is_visible of the information"""
  is_visible: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTriggeredEmail mutation.
"""
input UpdateTriggeredEmailMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The trigger for this message."""
  trigger: EmailTrigger

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The ID of an EmailMessage."""
  email_message_id: Int64Bit

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this triggered email. If this
  triggered email sends to account contacts, then the contact must have at least
  one of the message categories defined here in order to receive this email.
  """
  message_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  email_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  The count associated with this `TriggeredEmail`. This is defined by the
  trigger, and could be something like a number of days, months, gigabytes, etc.
  """
  count: Int

  """
  The `Job` ID for this `TriggeredEmail`. This will only be saved for triggered emails using the trigger `JOB_SCHEDULED`.
  """
  job_type_id: Int64Bit

  """Whether or not child accounts are allowed."""
  allow_children: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateTriggeredMessage mutation.
"""
input UpdateTriggeredMessageMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Whether or not child accounts are allowed."""
  allow_children: Boolean

  """The trigger for this message."""
  trigger: MessageTrigger

  """The ID of an EmailMessage."""
  email_message_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of the SMS message."""
  sms_message_id: Int64Bit

  """
  A list of MessageCategory IDs to apply to this contact. If this property is
  excluded, then the contact will inherit the default message categories, which
  is the typical behavior. You should only include this property if you want to
  override the default behavior.
  """
  message_category_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """The ID of a signature."""
  signature_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a `JobType`."""
  job_type_id: Int64Bit

  """
  The count associated with this `TriggeredMessage`. This is defined by the
  trigger, and could be something like a number of days, months, gigabytes, etc.
  """
  count: Int

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `email_message_id` to null."""
  unset_email_message_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `sms_message_id` to null."""
  unset_sms_message_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `signature_id` to null."""
  unset_signature_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateUninventoriedMacAddress mutation.
"""
input UpdateUninventoriedMacAddressMutationInput {
  """A MAC address."""
  mac_address: MacAddress!

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateUsageBasedBillingPolicyFreePeriod mutation.
"""
input UpdateUsageBasedBillingPolicyFreePeriodMutationInput {
  """A day."""
  day: Day

  """The start."""
  start: Time

  """The end."""
  end: Time

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateUsageBasedBillingPolicy mutation.
"""
input UpdateUsageBasedBillingPolicyMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The available data usage in this policy, measured in gigabytes."""
  cap_in_gigabytes: Int

  """Whether or not rollover is enabled."""
  rollover_enabled: Boolean

  """Whether or not rollover expiration is enabled."""
  rollover_expiration_enabled: Boolean

  """
  Rollover expires after this many months, if rollover expiration is enabled.
  """
  rollover_expiration_months: Int

  """
  Whether or not to assess charges for usage over the bandwidth limit at the end of the billing period.
  """
  assess_charges_at_end_of_billing_period: Boolean

  """
  Whether or not a customer can purchase additional data usage capacity during a billing period.
  """
  allow_purchase_of_additional_capacity_during_billing_period: Boolean

  """
  The overage service that this policy uses to charge for service overages.
  """
  service_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `service_id` to null."""
  unset_service_id: Boolean
}

"""The input object that defines the fields for the updateUser mutation."""
input UpdateUserMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A username, used for authentication."""
  username: String

  """
  Super admins receive all system permissions automatically, regardless of their
  role. Only a super admin can create another super admin. If you submit this
  property when you are not a super admin, the mutation will fail.
  """
  super_admin: Boolean

  """The ID of a Role."""
  role_id: Int64Bit

  """An email address."""
  email_address: EmailAddress

  """A mobile phone number. This will be used to send SMS messages."""
  mobile_number: Numeric

  """A password."""
  password: String

  """
  The preferred language for this user. If none is set, then the system default
  will be used. This will affect the interface, as well as communications sent to this user.
  """
  language: Language

  """The publicly viewable name of this user."""
  public_name: String

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `mobile_number` to null."""
  unset_mobile_number: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVehicle mutation.
"""
input UpdateVehicleMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The manufacturer."""
  manufacturer: String

  """The model."""
  model: String

  """A year."""
  year: Int

  """The vehicle identification number."""
  vin: String

  """A `GpsTrackingProvider` ID."""
  gps_tracking_provider_id: Int64Bit

  """A GPS Tracking Provider vehicle unique identifier."""
  gps_tracking_uid: String

  """Whether or not GPS Tracking enabled for vehicle."""
  gps_tracking_enabled: Boolean

  """Whether or not to always track the vehicle."""
  gps_tracking_always: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Monday."""
  gps_tracking_day_monday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Tuesday."""
  gps_tracking_day_tuesday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Wednesday."""
  gps_tracking_day_wednesday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Thursday."""
  gps_tracking_day_thursday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Friday."""
  gps_tracking_day_friday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Saturday."""
  gps_tracking_day_saturday: Boolean

  """If not always, then track on Sunday."""
  gps_tracking_day_sunday: Boolean

  """If not always, start time for tracking."""
  gps_tracking_start_time: Time

  """If not always, end time for tracking."""
  gps_tracking_end_time: Time

  """The timezone you want times in the system displayed in."""
  gps_tracking_timezone: Timezone

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `manufacturer` to null."""
  unset_manufacturer: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `model` to null."""
  unset_model: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `year` to null."""
  unset_year: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `vin` to null."""
  unset_vin: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `gps_tracking_provider_id` to null.
  """
  unset_gps_tracking_provider_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `gps_tracking_uid` to null."""
  unset_gps_tracking_uid: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `gps_tracking_timezone` to null."""
  unset_gps_tracking_timezone: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVendorItem mutation.
"""
input UpdateVendorItemMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  Archived vendor items may not be used for creating new purchase orders or product requests.
  """
  archived: Boolean

  """The type of entity that is referred to by this vendor item."""
  vendoritemable_type: VendoritemableType

  """The ID of the entity that is referred to by this vendor item."""
  vendoritemable_id: Int64Bit

  """Part number used by the vendor to identify this vendor item."""
  part_number: String

  """The purchase price of this item from the vendor."""
  price: Int

  """
  Number of inventory models that are included in a single unit of this vendors product.
  """
  quantity_per_unit: Int

  """
  Flag for vendor items that should create a one-time service for retail sale to customers.
  """
  retail_item: Boolean

  """The price of the one-time service created for this vendor item"""
  retail_item_price: Int

  """
  The ID of the one-time service created when this vendor item was created.
  """
  retail_item_service_id: Int64Bit

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `part_number` to null."""
  unset_part_number: Boolean

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `retail_item_service_id` to null.
  """
  unset_retail_item_service_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVendor mutation.
"""
input UpdateVendorMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """
  Archived vendors may not be used for creating new Purchase Orders or Product Requests.
  """
  archived: Boolean

  """The currency used for all transactions with this vendor."""
  currency: Currency

  """
  Determines if approved purchase orders for this vendor should automatically dispatch an email to the vendor.
  """
  automate_approved_purchase_orders: Boolean

  """
  A list of IDs belonging to the taxes that should be applied to each item sold by this vendor.
  """
  taxes: [Int64Bit]

  """The terms of payment for deliveries from this vendor."""
  payment_terms: PaymentTerm

  """The physical address of the inventory location."""
  address: CreateAddressMutationInput

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  A list of file IDs to be associated with this object. These must first have
  been uploaded to the /files endpoint and must be currently unassociated.
  """
  files: [AssociateFileMutationInput]
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVoiceProvider mutation.
"""
input UpdateVoiceProviderMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVoiceProviderRateChargePercent mutation.
"""
input UpdateVoiceProviderRateChargePercentMutationInput {
  """The ID of a `VoiceProvider`."""
  voice_provider_id: Int64Bit!

  """The percentage over the base rate to charge the customer."""
  charge_percent: Float!
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVoiceProviderRate mutation.
"""
input UpdateVoiceProviderRateMutationInput {
  """The description for the rate."""
  description: String

  """The rate that is imported from a rate deck."""
  base_rate: Float

  """The percentage over the base rate to charge the customer."""
  charge_percent: Float
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVoiceServiceGenericParameter mutation.
"""
input UpdateVoiceServiceGenericParameterMutationInput {
  """A human readable description."""
  description: String

  """The price per unit of this item."""
  price: Int

  """
  The taxes applied when this voice service generic parameter creates a transaction.
  """
  taxes: [VoiceServiceGenericParameterTaxMutationInput]

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateVoiceService mutation.
"""
input UpdateVoiceServiceMutationInput {
  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """How this is applied."""
  application: ServiceApplication

  """The amount, in the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.)"""
  amount: Int

  """The ID of the company that this entity operates under."""
  company_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a GeneralLedgerCode."""
  general_ledger_code_id: Int64Bit

  """How often this service bills, in months."""
  billing_frequency: Int

  """The taxes applied when this service creates a transaction."""
  taxes: [ServiceTaxMutationInput]

  """Whether this service provides unlimited local minutes."""
  unlimited_local_minutes: Boolean

  """
  The quantity of free local minutes provided, if `unlimited_local_minutes` is false.
  """
  local_minutes: Int

  """
  The cost per minute for local calls, in thousandths of the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.).
  """
  cost_per_minute_local_in_thousandths: Int

  """Whether this service provides unlimited long distance minutes."""
  unlimited_long_distance_minutes: Boolean

  """
  The quantity of free long distance minutes provided, if `unlimited_long_distance_minutes` is false.
  """
  long_distance_minutes: Int

  """
  The cost per minute for long distance calls, in thousandths of the smallest currency value (e.g. cents, pence, pesos.).
  """
  cost_per_minute_long_distance_in_thousandths: Int

  """
  If a customer has a toll free number, this is the rate charged to them for
  inbound calls, in thousandths of the smallest currency value (e.g. cents,
  pence, pesos.).
  """
  inbound_toll_free_rate_per_minute_in_thousandths: Int

  """
  This is the minimum amount of time the customer will be charged for a call.
  """
  first_interval_in_seconds: Int

  """
  After the `first_interval_in_seconds` time is exceeded, this is the minimum
  amount of subsequent time. For example, if `first_interval_in_seconds` is 30,
  and `sub_interval_in_seconds` is 6, then a 31 second call would be charged at
  36 seconds, and a 37 second call would be charged at 42 seconds.
  """
  sub_interval_in_seconds: Int

  """A two character country code."""
  country: Country

  """The ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """The ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  reverse_tax_definition_id: Int64Bit

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a transaction."""
  unset_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Unset the ID of a tax definition on a reversed transaction."""
  unset_reverse_tax_definition_id: Boolean

  """Which prefixes should be treated as local for this voice service."""
  local_prefixes: [Numeric]

  """A list of account group IDs that this account is part of."""
  account_group_ids: [Int64Bit]

  """
  If the amount for this service is zero, it will still display on invoices.
  """
  display_if_zero: Boolean

  """
  Indicates if Call Detail Records (CDRs) for this service should be displayed on an invoice.
  """
  show_call_detail_records_on_invoice: Boolean

  """
  Hide parameters of this service on customer invoices/statements and in the customer portal.
  """
  rollup_generic_parameters: Boolean

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput

  """
  Setting this value to `true` will set `general_ledger_code_id` to null.
  """
  unset_general_ledger_code_id: Boolean

  """Setting this value to `true` will set `company_id` to null."""
  unset_company_id: Boolean
}

"""
The input object that defines the fields for the updateWebhookEndpoint mutation.
"""
input UpdateWebhookEndpointMutationInput {
  """A descriptive name."""
  name: String

  """The endpoint."""
  endpoint: HttpsUrl

  """Whether or not this is enabled."""
  enabled: Boolean

  """The model and event associated with a webhook endpoint."""
  model_events: [WebhookEndpointModelEventInput]

  """A note about this entity."""
  note: NoteMutationInput
}

"""A valid URL beginning with http:// or https://."""
scalar URL

"""A usage based billing policy."""

```
